Location,Title,Price,Company,Summary
London,Data Scientist,33103,UK Government - National Crime Agency,Develop innovative solutions to data challenges through the effective use of software tools and the exploitation of data to extract maximum intelligence value.
London NW9,919-AP-11862797-EXT - Assistant Healthcare Scientist,23327,Public Health England,"Data from clinical vaccine trials help to generate information regarding formulation and delivery of influenza vaccines, while seroepidemiology tracks incidence…"
United Kingdom,Data and Technology Graduate Scheme 2020,27500,EDF Energy Limited,"Ingesting data, preparing data, wrangling data, building data engineering pipelines and creating and visualising data assets using industry leading technologies…"
London,Data Scientist,47500,Chaser Technologies Limited," As our first data scientist, you’ll be instrumental in harnessing data to help drive towards this goal.We’re looking for an inquisitive Data Scientist who is…"
United Kingdom,Water Quality Distribution Scientist,35000,South East Water,"Excellent analytical and interpretation skills relating to data analysis and investigations. Design and plan South East Waters, annual, sequential flushing…"
London,Assistant Healthcare Scientist,23327,Public Health England,"Public Health England (PHE) is an executive agency of the Department of Health and Social Care providing; Strategic leadership, research, advice and support for…"
London,Data Scientist,47500,Virgin Media,"Advanced data preparation and munging skills with ability to transform data into suitable formats and outputs. £40,000 - £55,000 per annum + excellent benefits."
Birmingham,Data Scientist,40000,Technical Team Solutions,"You'll join a growing team of data scientists, working to deliver analytics and algorithms that help their customers look at their products & services…"
London SE1,Data Science Graduate,24000,NHS Digital,"Our work-based graduate scheme is designed to increase your experience of analysis, statistics, data management and data science."
London,Senior Data Scientist,57975,Ofgem,"You will advise the design of data pipelines, partake in data exploration and work to automate analytical methods. Up to 30 days’ annual leave."
London,CMA1201 Head of Data and Techology Insight,73118,UK Government - Competition & Markets Authority,You will lead your team to work hand in hand with our data science and data engineering teams to shape analytical projects that directly benefit consumers.
London,Data Scientist,50000,Zarathustra Technologies Ltd.,"Data Scientist role in Milan. We are looking for an excellent Data Scientist to join us in the fantastic, sunny, and competitive Milan as we develop some of…"
London,Data Scientist,50000,Zarathustra Technologies Ltd.," Data Scientist role in Milan.We are looking for an excellent Data Scientist to join us in the fantastic, sunny, and competitive Milan as we develop some of…"
London,Junior Data Scientist,62500,Harnham," As a Data Scientist you will be:As a team of 15 Machine Learning Data Scientists, you will sit at the heart of the organisation with one clear goal:"
Manchester,Senior Data Scientist,67500,Opus Recruitment Solutions, There is a fantastic opportunity for a Senior Data Scientist in the Manchester area working for a fabulous company which have had millions investment to enable…
London,Junior Data Scientist,62500,Harnham,"As a Data Scientist you will be: As a team of 15 Machine Learning Data Scientists, you will sit at the heart of the organisation with one clear goal:"
London,"G2 Senior Data Scientist, Data Science",54380,UK Government - National Crime Agency,"Experience managing teams to deliver data solutions and solve operational data problems. Deep knowledge of a number of data science specialisms, with experience…"
London,"CMA1040 Data Science, Lead Data Scientist",73118,UK Government - Competition & Markets Authority,"To learn more about out Data Science Unit, please watch this video: You will lead data scientists to apply these techniques at the CMA, e.g. using natural…"
Hampshire,Data Scientist (m/w/d),65000,Millennium Consulting,Millennium Consulting are looking for an experienced Data Scientist for our global online retail client based on the South Coast.
Birmingham,Data Scientist,40000,Technical Team Solutions, Data Scientist - Python/Machine Learning/Time Series.Data Scientist - Python/Machine Learning/Time Series.Ideally 2 years + experience within a similar Data…
London,Data Scientist - AI,70000,Oho Group, Data Scientist - AI and Machine Learning.Data Scientist - AI and Machine Learning.Looking for a Data Scientist with:Data Scientist - AI and Machine Learning.
Hampshire,Data Scientist (m/w/d),65000,Millennium Consulting, Millennium Consulting are looking for an experienced Data Scientist for our global online retail client based on the South Coast.
London,"Senior Data Scientist, Operations",64500,Monzo,"We work in cross-functional squads, so every data scientist is a member of the central data team as well as fully embedded into another team alongside engineers…"
London,Data Scientist / Machine Learning Engineer / AI Expert,36000,Decision Lab Ltd,"We are seeking to appoint data scientists, machine learning engineers and AI experts as full-time Consultants. To qualify for the role you must:"
London,Data Scientist,87500,Source Code Personnel,"As a Data Scientist, you will be tasked with innovation, improvement, and implementation. They are looking for a qualified and passionate Data Scientist to join…"
East Kilbride,B1 MI Data Scientist,32929,UK Government - Department for International Devel...,Working in a Data Science or Digital team according to Agile methodology. Extensive experience of using Excel to perform fundamental analyses and data…
London,Assistant Healthcare Scientist,23327,Public Health England,"Data from clinical vaccine trials help to generate information regarding formulation and delivery of influenza vaccines, while seroepidemiology tracks incidence…"
South Kensington,Microbiology Lab Technician,42316,Imperial College London,"Knowledge of research methods, data analysis and statistical procedures. The role would suit a Healthcare Scientist or someone with broad clinical microbiology…"
London,Data Scientist,47500,Oscar Technology,A well established London based technology consulting business is looking to hire TWO Data Scientists to join their team.
London,Statistician,50413,King's College London,We are looking for a statistician with a strong interest in epidemiology and a good understanding of statistical methodology. This is a full-time post.
London,Data Scientist,52500,Harnham," Deliver high impact data science that will predict, measure and interpret using Python and SQL.Build out your capability to drive change within the company…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,75000,Tractable, Mentor other data scientists and architect and be chief advocate for data-lead projects at Tractable.Wrangle/clean data and build data pipelines using big-data…
Fareham,Defence and Security Analysis Graduate,24750,UK Government - Defence Science and Technology Lab...," We are leading in state of the art techniques including data science, behavioral analytics, visualisation and the use of virtual/augmented reality to explore…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,72500,Mango Solutions, Development of bespoke data science tools.Modelling is a fundamental component of data science.A good working knowledge of statistical and/or machine learning…
London,Data Analyst,37500,HealthyHealth," The data analyst will be responsible for establishing data collection, data processes and implementing data quality processes that allow us to deliver to…"
London,Principle Data Scientist,82500,Oscar Technology," From a data perspective the task is an interesting one - they generate 21 data points per second for each of their 250,000 clients and this data collected will…"
London,"Game Data Scientist, London",70000,Datascope Recruitment," Our client is looking for an experienced data scientist with a good understanding of the data structures that underpin analysis, you will join a busy game…"
Stratford,Translational Scientist - Drug Development,48000,Cancer Research UK," The CDD Translational Sciences team is an established and experienced group of clinicians, biomarker scientists and translational scientists."
London,Applied Data Scientist,87500,Harnham, A proven track record of working as part of a high-performing team of data scientists.Helping to build a world class data science team of 15-20 people.
Birmingham,Data Scientist,40000,Technical Team Solutions," You'll join a growing team of data scientists, working to deliver analytics and algorithms that help their customers look at their products & services…"
London,Data Scientist Cyber Security OSINT,36625,Vector Recruitment Limited," Data Scientist – Cyber Security OSINT.Data Scientist Cyber Security -required experience/knowledge: MSc in Computer Science, Data Analytics, Data Science or…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,75000,Parallel Consulting, The team is working within a Big Data environment which includes a team of Data Engineers and Data Scientists.Please click on the link to apply!
Oxford,Medical Device Documentation and Data Scientist,41500,Pharma Scientifix," Interpret and summarise pertinent data from multiple sources (literature reviews, clinical data, customer feedback etc)."
London,Data Scientist - Deep Learning,80000,Oho Group, Data Scientist – Deep Learning – Cyber Security.Data Scientist – Machine Learning – Central London.Data Scientist – Machine Learning – Central London.
London,Lead Data Scientist,82500,Opus Recruitment Solutions, Data Scientist/ NoSQL/ R/ python/ Machine Learning/ London/ Consultancy.Data Scientist/ NoSQL/ R/ python/ Machine Learning/ London/ Consultancy.
London,Data Scientist,27500,A1 People, Knowledge of data transformation using Python/R/SQL .Practical application of some data science techniques.Theoretical understanding of analytical techniques…
Greater London,Data Scientist,62500,Salt Recruitment, To apply for the Data Scientist role click “Apply”.2+ years in a Data Science role.Competent using Big Data and ML techniques.This job ad was posted by Salt.
London EC2A,Data Scientist,85000,Third Republic," Helping clients unlock insights from hidden data to help grow your.I am working with a leading UK based company that offers management, technology and…"
London,Data Scientist - Fintech,75000,Oho Group," We are searching for a highly intelligent Data Scientist or Engineer to join a team of top tier employees working with Tier 1 investment banks and hedgefunds,…"
London,Data Scientist,27500,A1 People, Practical application of some data science techniques.Theoretical understanding of analytical techniques used in data industry.
Greater London,Data Scientist,62500,Salt Recruitment," Experienced working with large complex data sets.Use predictive models with large, complex data sets.Use data visualisation techniques to deliver insights and…"
London,Data Scientist,80000,GCS Recruitment Specialists Ltd,"Experience with working on large data sets and data preprocessing/wrangling. Strong organisational and self-starting skills, happy to work in a team and…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,75000,Tractable,4+ years industry experience as a data scientist or analyst. Wrangle/clean data and build data pipelines using big-data technologies like Apache Spark.
London,Higher Statistical Officer across GSS,29017,UK Government - Government Statistical Service,"Membership of a professional community of Methodologists, Data Scientists and Statisticians. Presenting and Disseminating Data Effectively."
Oxford,Software Engineer/Data Scientist,36569,University of Oxford,"The team is expanding, and we are looking for skilled software engineers and applied data scientists. The clinical informatics team within the Oxford Big Data…"
London,Quality Lead/Senior Scientist (BMS/CS),43000,Health Services Laboratories LLP,Your application for this role will be managed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation. HCPC-registered Biomedical or Clinical Scientists with…
Birkenhead,Graduate Data Scientist,22500,Crowder Consulting,"All applications for this Graduate Data Scientist vacancy are to be submitted via email, and strictly no agency calls or agency CV submissions."
London,Senior Data Scientist - Python - R - Machine Learning - NLP,75000,Parallel Consulting,The team is working within a Big Data environment which includes a team of Data Engineers and Data Scientists. Please click on the link to apply!
Chippenham,Graduate Data Scientist,27000,Mango Solutions," Attending conferences – e.g. Bristol Data Science, LondonR, EARL.At Mango, we firmly believe that any decision can be better made using analytics and data."
London,Research Assistant,37432,London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, The Antimicrobials in Society (AMIS) Programme is seeking a motivated social scientist with experience in global health to join their active research team.
Sutton,Data Linkage Statistician,37850,The Institute of Cancer Research," The successful applicant will have a post-graduate qualification in statistics or a first degree in statistics and practical experience in medical statistics, a…"
White City,Research Assistant in Cancer Drug Discovery,37021,Imperial College London, Currently undisclosed data obtained have revealed exciting and previously unappreciated druggable vulnerabilities in a post-translational modification pathway…
Harpenden,Statistical Data Scientist,31078,Rothamsted Research, A postdoctoral or postgraduate statistical data scientist is required to join the Statistics and Data Science Group within the Computational and Analytical…
London,Research Associate (Statistician),41063,King's College London, An exciting new position has arisen for a graduate statistician to work alongside leading methodologists to evaluate new medications and interventions to…
London,Data Engineer,100000,Imogen Moody,Work with Data Scientists to ensure that the data is appropriate for the NLP and AI work. A fast growing tech-driven eCommerce company are looking for Data…
London,Junior Quantitative Analyst/Developer,60000,Legal & General Group Plc.,"Good programming skills in at least one language and knowledge of computer science fundamentals, e.g. data structures, algorithms, complexity."
Birkenhead,Graduate Data Scientist,22500,Crowder Consulting,You’ll be involved in assessing the impacts of data improvements on regulatory reporting which will inform key business stakeholders and drive data improvement…
London,Data Science Consultant - London,42500,Smartlytics Consultancy Limited,Smartlytics consultancy a growing entrepreneurial analytics and data science consultancy is looking for a data science consultant to join our team and work with…
London,Senior Data Scientist - Python - R - Machine Learning - NLP,75000,Parallel Consulting,"Lead/Senior Data Scientist - Central London - Machine Learning - NLP - R - SQL - FS - up to £85,000 + package. Please click on the link to apply!"
Heathrow,Graduate - Data Science,33000,British Airways,"Problems like determining the optimal mix of aircraft to buy for the next 20 years, or how to improve overbooking set up, require you to generate creative…"
Wembley,Junior Data Scientist,31000,Urban Empire Recruitment,They are looking for a junior data scientist to join a team of 5 to work closely with the Chief Data Scientist to turn raw data into meaningful information that…
England,Junior Data Scientist,45000,Oscar Technology,"With a considerable amount of investment for this company, specifically targeted at their Data Science department they are now looking for a Junior Data…"
United Kingdom,Water Quality Distribution Scientist,35000,South East Water,Scientist with a degree in a relevant science. Excellent analytical and interpretation skills relating to data analysis and investigations.
Bank Station,Junior Property Specialist,21944,Wayhome," We’re a small team of Property Specialists, Engineers, Data Scientists and Creatives, who are addressing one of the biggest and most life-changing problems our…"
London,Data Scientist,50000,Ultimate Asset," Understanding of common data science techniques including data preparation, exploration and visualisation.Decision trees, Regression, Clustering in order to…"
London,Data Scientist,80000,Woolf Group," Leading retail bank based in London are looking to recruit an experienced Data Scientist to join their team.A commercially focused mind-set, with a passion for…"
Richmond TW9,Data Analyst,40000,UK Government - The National Archives," Extensive experience of large scale data analysis and manipulation using different programming techniques (for example, Python, Shell scripting, XSLT, SQL) for…"
London,Data Scientist - Deep Learning,80000,Oho Group, Data Scientist – Deep Learning – Cyber Security.Data Scientist – Machine Learning – Central London.Data Scientist/Python/Machine Learning/Pytorch/AWS.
London,Senior Data Scientist - Python - R - Machine Learning - NLP,75000,Parallel Consulting," Lead/Senior Data Scientist - Central London - Machine Learning - NLP - R - SQL - FS - up to £85,000 + package.Please click on the link to apply!"
Birkenhead,Graduate Data Scientist,22500,Crowder Consulting, You’ll be involved in assessing the impacts of data improvements on regulatory reporting which will inform key business stakeholders and drive data improvement…
United Kingdom,Water Quality Distribution Scientist,35000,South East Water," Excellent analytical and interpretation skills relating to data analysis and investigations.Design and plan South East Waters, annual, sequential flushing…"
London,Research Associate or Research Fellow: AI-enabled Neurology...,46419,King's College London," The applicant should ideally have some knowledge and experience of Medical image analysis, machine learning, data science and statistical modelling."
London,Senior Data Scientist,75000,Tractable, 4+ years industry experience as a data scientist or analyst.Wrangle/clean data and build data pipelines using big-data technologies like Apache Spark.
United Kingdom,Coastal Process Scientist,23534,Teignbridge District Council, You will streamline data management processes for the coastal geospatial data.You will lead on an efficient data management structure and ensure region wide…
London,Data Scientist / Quantitative Analyst,70000,Blue Pelican," We are looking for a Masters or Phd graduate with proven commercial experience in sports trading or betting, as a Data Scientist to join this established data…"
United Kingdom,Data Industrial Placement 2020,16500,EDF Energy Limited," You’ll work alongside Data Engineers, Data Scientists, Big Data Application Developers, DevOps Engineers, and cross-functional IT teams."
London,Data Scientist - Machine Learning,70000,Oho Group, Data Scientist - Machine Learning - AI.Data Scientist - Machine Learning - AI.They are looking for a data scientist with:At least 2 years experience.
United Kingdom,Water Quality Distribution Scientist,35000,South East Water, Scientist with a degree in a relevant science.Excellent analytical and interpretation skills relating to data analysis and investigations.
London,Lead Data Scientist,52500,Capita IT Resourcing,£40K to £65K. I am recruiting for a Data Scientist to join a start-up in London that is working with gambling industries to follow responsible gambling…
London,Data Scientist,75000,Datatech Analytics,The organisation looking for this talented Data Scientist is the leader in data helping the world’s largest brands use their data to improve customer…
London,Lead Data Scientist,105000,Vertus Partners,A proven track record of being someone who has defined processes within a new data science function. This is a leadership role within the company where you will…
London,Director of Research,105000,Babylon Health,"Design Research champions the human-centred exploration of complex problems using evidence, data and insight to help us make better decisions."
London,Junior Quantitative Finance Analyst,49500,Mazars,"As part of the Quantitative Finance team within the Financial Services Consulting department, you will interact with banks, insurance companies, large…"
Lincoln,Data Scientist,50000,Anglian Water Services Ltd,As part of the wider Enterprise Data team we are looking for a Data Scientist to exploit next generation data science tools and techniques to create artificial…
United Kingdom,Data Industrial Placement 2020,16500,EDF Energy Limited,"You’ll work alongside Data Engineers, Data Scientists, Big Data Application Developers, DevOps Engineers, and cross-functional IT teams."
Cardiff CF14,Healthcare Scientist,27163,Public Health Wales NHS Trust,"The duties will be varied, but may include specimen reception, performing manual and computerised data entry ensuring accuracy, integrity and appropriateness of…"
London,Insights Data Analyst,40000,Babylon Health,Provide statistically sound analysis of data to inform key business decisions. Minimum 1-2 years experience using Tableau to build reporting dashboards and…
London,Data Scientist/Data Engineer - personalisation,70000,Harnham,"With a clear vision and business plan, this company emphasises on a future where customer experience is made simpler with never-used-before data science methods…"
London,Data Scientist - Python,65000,Bettor Believe,"2+ years’ experience working with large, complex data sets to solve problems and answer questions. This company is a leading quantitative trading fund, and the…"
Hall,Data Scientist x 2 - Kingston upon Thames,41591,Surrey County Council," Are you curious, analytical and passionate about turning data into insight?You will proactively seek out opportunities for exploratory data analysis, execute…"
London,Data Scientist - Machine Learning,60000,Redline Group, My client is looking for a talented data scientist who can deliver first class image analytics for a revolutionary detection system that will actually save…
London,Data Scientist,55000,Aspire Data Recruitment," As well as technical experience with some of the core Python data science libraries (scikit-learn, Numpy/Scipy, pandas, matplotlib, Jupyter notebooks), you will…"
London,Junior Quantitative Analyst/Developer,60000,Legal & General Group Plc.," Good programming skills in at least one language and knowledge of computer science fundamentals, e.g. data structures, algorithms, complexity."
London,Data Scientist,33000,Understanding Recruitment, Data Scientist / Data Analyst / Statistical Data Analyst / Python / R Programming.Skills required for the Data Scientist are:Ability to code in Python or R.
London,Data Scientist/Data Engineer - personalisation,70000,Harnham," With a clear vision and business plan, this company emphasises on a future where customer experience is made simpler with never-used-before data science methods…"
London SW7,Energy Marketing & Trading Analyst Programme,38000,Centrica,"Ability to work with models, make and test hypotheses and turn data into useful information. Energy Marketing & Trading Analyst Programme."
Lincoln,Data Scientist,50000,Anglian Water Services Ltd,"Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, statistical analysis, building high quality predictive algorithms and models, to classify data…"
London,"Consulting Director, Data",120000,Engage Transform Consultancy Ltd,"Data Lake, Enterprise Data Warehouses, Data Marts, etc.). As a Director for Data Consulting you will be working in a customer-facing environment working into C…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,75000,Parallel Consulting,The team is working within a Big Data environment which includes a team of Data Engineers and Data Scientists. Please click on the link to apply!
Hall,Graduate Quality Data Scientist- (Sep 2020),31000,BMW Hams Hall Motoren GmbH,Our manufacturing systems produce significant amounts of data and we need data scientists to analyse and explore the potential within this data to support our…
London EC3A,Senior Data Scientist - AI,125000,onezeero,"Identify AI solutions to challenging engineering and data science problems. You have experience with big data technologies such as Spark, AWS and write…"
London,Data Scientist Cyber Security OSINT,36625,Vector Recruitment Limited,Data Scientist – Cyber Security OSINT. £34k – £38.5k (dep on exp). This is a fantastic opportunity to work for a company at the forefront of development of Open…
London,Data Engineer,100000,Imogen Moody,"Access and platform unique data sources using Scala, Spark, Kafka, AWS data stack. You will be joining a strong team to allow for real-time data ingestion for…"
London,Data Scientist ( Python / AWS / Machine learning ),70000,Venturi,Proficient working with relational and non-relational data sources. Experience working with and manipulating textual data (NLP experience will be beneficial).
Dundee,Postdoctoral Research Assistant/Health Data Scientist,41185,University of Dundee,"We are recruiting for a Health Data Scientist. Do you get really excited by BIG data, innovative engineering, data analysis, data visualisation and applied ML…"
London,Machine Learning Engineer,105000,REG UK,"Skilled in coding, experienced in algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis, and software design. My client is looking for a Machine Learning Engineer,…"
Ipswich,Data Scientist,65000,Dynamix Recruitment Ltd,"Mentor and help develop fellow Data Scientists. As a senior data scientist within the exciting, new claims advanced analytics capability, you will be building…"
London,Data Scientist,55000,Aspire Data Recruitment,"As well as technical experience with some of the core Python data science libraries (scikit-learn, Numpy/Scipy, pandas, matplotlib, Jupyter notebooks), you will…"
London,Data Scientist,80000,Woolf Group,"Leading retail bank based in London are looking to recruit an experienced Data Scientist to join their team. A commercially focused mind-set, with a passion for…"
Cambridge,"Junior Data Scientist- Machine Learning, Python, C++, Data A...",42500,ZenShin Talent," Junior Data Scientist- Machine Learning, Python, C++, Big Data Technologies, Analytics and Data Science, ML Methods- Linear Regression, Decision Trees, Random…"
London,Data Science Delivery Manager,49383,British Transport Police, You will work with a range of internal and external stakeholders to integrate big data and various sources of data in order to gain enhanced data insight within…
Bootle,Senior Data Scientist and Statistician,40954,UK Government - Health and Safety Executive," Key challenges include resolving abstract data-related health and safety problems, by working with your colleagues and external partners to develop your data…"
London,CMA1201 Head of Data and Techology Insight,73118,UK Government - Competition & Markets Authority, You will lead your team to work hand in hand with our data science and data engineering teams to shape analytical projects that directly benefit consumers.
Basingstoke RG24,Medical Laboratory Assistant,18336,Hampshire Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust,"The successful candidate will be expected to perform a variety of tasks including data entry, answering telephone queries, collecting and sorting specimens and…"
Swansea,Data Scientist,55000,We Predict,We’re looking for a highly motivated data scientist who can help us address our data analytics challenges. Conduct sophisticated analysis to discover trends and…
London,Data Scientist (Analytics),50000,DCL Search and Selection,"Up to £50,000 Base. We are currently working with a Services business who are currently looking for a Data Scientist (Analytics) who has client-facing…"
Bootle,Senior Data Scientist and Statistician,40954,UK Government - Health and Safety Executive,"Key challenges include resolving abstract data-related health and safety problems, by working with your colleagues and external partners to develop your data…"
Birmingham,Data Scientist,55000,Opus Recruitment Solutions,"Data Scientist | Birmingham | £50,000 - £60,000. Machine Learning, Python, R, NoSQL, Scikit-learn, AI. An opportunity for a Data Scientist in Birmingham for £50…"
London,Data Engineer,100000,Imogen Moody, Work with Data Scientists to ensure that the data is appropriate for the NLP and AI work.A fast growing tech-driven eCommerce company are looking for Data…
Hall,Data Science- 13 Month Placement (July 2020),17500,BMW Hams Hall Motoren GmbH, Our manufacturing systems produce significant amounts of data and we need data scientists to analyse and explore the potential within this data to support our…
Glasgow,Text Analytics Data Scientist (KTP Associate),32088,University of Glasgow," C6 Extensive IT and data analysis/interpretation skills as appropriate.Document research output including analysis and interpretation of all data, maintaining…"
Porton Down,Data Fusion Scientist - Return to Engineering,28000,STEM Returners, The programme provides a new group of returners a route back into engineering and a rewarding career as a Data Fusion Scientist at Porton Down Science Park in…
London,Decision Science professional,40000,Openreach," Proven track record in a Data Science, Modelling, or Analytics environment.An ability to coach people in SQL, Excel and data analysis, acting as a resource for…"
Barnet,Lead Data Scientist,92500,La Fosse Associates, A Lead Data Scientist with management experience.A Lead Data Scientist with demonstrable leadership skills.A Lead Data Scientist with Deep Learning experience…
London,Data Scientist ( Python / AWS / Machine learning ),70000,Venturi," The Data Scientist position will have a strong salary package of up to £90,000 plus benefits.This is an exciting opportunity to join a rapid growing Machine…"
Reading,Data Scientist,45000,Wade Macdonald," Data Quality - Execute different data analytics to ensure the completeness, quality, and consistency of data used for analytics across systems."
London,Quantitative Analyst,72500,The JM Group," Financial Services Company is hiring for a Quantitative Analyst for their team based in London.Salary range is between £60K - £85K, depending on skills and…"
London EC3A,Senior Data Scientist - AI,125000,onezeero,"Senior Data Scientist - Permanent - up to £150k - London. Our client, an AI driven global advertising and technology business, are looking to welcome a Senior…"
London,Lead Data Scientist - startup - London,110000,Codify Search - 020 7993 4800,Lead Data Scientist – Start-up - London*. Built and developed teams of data scientists in a start-up environment?
Leeds LS1,Data Science Intern,17000,NHS Digital,"Our internship scheme is designed to increase your experience of analysis, statistics, data management and data science. We are looking for People who are:"
London,Data Scientist in the Data & Analytical Services Directorate...,44523,Ministry of Justice,Working collaboratively with other Data Scientists to implement high-performance machine learning and statistical models into production; The role is open to:
Scotland,Data Scientist - Fintech,30000,Best Graduates,"As our data scientist, you will: Experience in data visualisation and reporting. We’re looking for a data scientist who has a passion for solving problems and…"
Birmingham,Data Scientist,55000,Opus Recruitment Solutions," Data Scientist | Birmingham | £50,000 - £60,000.An opportunity for a Data Scientist in Birmingham for £50,000- £60,000 to join a very prestigious digital…"
London,Data Engineer / Data Scientist - Python / Flask / AWS,55000,Sentinel," Data Engineer / Data Scientist - Python / Flask / AWS is required by my client, an exciting travel start-up.A knowledge of the following is required;"
London,"Health Technology, Data Scientist",37500,Harnham," Use data analytics, statistics, attributive and predictive modelling on data sets exploring psycho-biology of stress using Python and R."
London,Data Scientist - Travel,57500,Harnham, Experience of working with large volumes of data.This is a great opportunity to join a leading online travel company in their cutting-edge data science…
London,Data Scientist - Machine Learning,60000,Redline Group, Skills and experience Required - Data Scientist - Machine Learning.This role of Data Scientist - Machine Learning offers an outstanding salary plus a bonus and…
Glasgow,Data Scientist,80000,SoulTek," We are seeking an experienced Data Scientist who has a proven track record in data science, data analysis and data engineering alongside the business skills…"
Edinburgh EH12,Geospatial Data Engineer,35821,UK Government - Forestry Commission," You will have sound practical knowledge and experience of data modelling, data warehousing, data administration, data management and uses of large enterprise…"
London,Machine Learning Data Scientist,60000,Harnham," As a Machine Learning Data Scientist here you can earn up to £65,000 + benefits.You will be required to explore the company's massive data sets and identify…"
London E20,Data Analyst (Associate),42500,Financial Conduct Authority, Understanding of relational data models and data dictionaries.Helping to integrate data science and statistical methods into the delivery of data to ensure…
London,Senior Data Scientist,57500,Blue Pelican," We are searching for an experienced Statistical Analyst or Data Scientist to join this famous marketing agency, working as part of a newly established Marketing…"
London,Lead Data Scientist- Consultancy,92500,Opus Recruitment Solutions,Data Scientist/ NoSQL/ R/ python/ Machine Learning/ London/ Consultancy. Data Scientist/ NoSQL/ R/ python/ Machine Learning/ London/ Consultancy.
London,Data Scientist - Machine Learning,70000,Oho Group,Data Scientist - Machine Learning - AI. Data Scientist - Machine Learning - AI. They are looking for a data scientist with: At least 2 years experience.
London,Data Scientist - ML platform,65000,Oho Group,"Data Scientist- Machine Learning- up to 85k! With 100M customer profiles and 10M daily email events, the Data Scientist will have to be passionate about working…"
London,Data Scientist,50000,Tankard Recruitment,They are looking to add a data scientist with experience in data analysis and statistical modelling. The data science team consists of 4 data scientists working…
London,Data Engineer,92500,Smarkets,Collaborating with data scientists and engineers across Smarkets. You'll be an experienced data engineer with a passion for creating reliable and deterministic…
Oxfordshire,Data Scientist,62500,Michael Page UK,"Experience with building data products, either internal or consumer-facing. Experience working with unstructured data and Natural Language Processing Non…"
London,Data Scientist,55000,Bramwith Consulting,The Data Scientist will support the global Sourcing and Procurement function by providing data driven insight and recommendations into a range of strategic…
Birmingham,Data Scientist,55000,Opus Recruitment Solutions," Data Scientist | Birmingham | £50,000 - £60,000.Machine Learning, Python, R, NoSQL, Scikit-learn, AI.An opportunity for a Data Scientist in Birmingham for £50…"
Holborn,Machine Learning Engineer - Blue Prism AI Labs,67500,Blue Prism Limited, Experience of working with data science or machine learning technologies.Blue Prism is an international publicly listed software company headquartered in the…
London,Data Scientist – Associate Director,97500,kdr Recruitment," Seven years of experience working as a data scientist, or equivalent.Retrieve, prepare, and process data from a variety of sources such as social media,…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,90000,Opus Recruitment Solutions, A background in data modelling and statistics.You’re role will involve elements of data modelling and predictive modelling to support client needs.
London EC1V,Data Analytics Apprentice,20000,Expedia Group," Expedia Group recognizes our success is dependent on the success of our people.We are the world's travel platform, made up of the most knowledgeable,…"
London,Junior Data Engineer,30000,Spectra Analytics,"Experience in Big Data (e.g. Improving and maintaining our data architecture, which could include ETL tasks and client system integration."
London,Data Scientist - Renewable Energy,77500,Harnham," As a Data Scientist in this team, you will be responsible for:Harnham are working with a well-funded technology company in the renewable energy space in London…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,70000,Consortia," Senior Data Scientist / London – Central / up to £80,000 – with 10% bonus.If you are interested in this or other Data Scientist opportunities please contact…"
West London,AI DATA SCIENTIST,55000,Parallel Consulting," AI DATA SCIENTIST £55,000 - West Lonon.Support business cases and changes through insightful analytic data -Delivering insightful reports."
London,Data Scientist SQL Python - Technologist,62500,Client Server, Data Scientist / Data Analytics Developer (Machine Learning Python SQL Hadoop Spark AWS).Apply now or call to find out more about this this Data Scientist /…
Birmingham,Data Scientist,55000,Opus Recruitment Solutions,"Data Scientist | Birmingham | £50,000 - £60,000. An opportunity for a Data Scientist in Birmingham for £50,000- £60,000 to join a very prestigious digital…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,65000,Client Server,Senior Data Scientist / Data Analytics Developer (Machine Learning Python SQL Hadoop AWS). Apply now or call to find out more about this this Senior Data…
West London,Data Scientist - Machine Learning,52500,Metrica Recruitment,An experienced data scientist with the ability to interpret large data sets to generate actionable insight. Your work will range from optimising the warehouse…
London,Lead Data Scientist,80000,Metrica Recruitment,"Proven data science experience attained either in-house or consulting. Hands-on, demonstrable experience in data science tools and frameworks such as Python and…"
London,Data Scientist Manager,80000,Eames Consulting,"This role will require the candidate to have ample experience in Data Visualisation, Data Manipulation and Data Science."
London NW1,Senior Data Scientist,60000,Whitehat Analytics Ltd,We engage with our clients to serve as catalyst pushing their abilities to apply Data Science and Data Engineering in production settings.
Glasgow,Text Analytics Data Scientist (KTP Associate),32088,University of Glasgow,"C6 Extensive IT and data analysis/interpretation skills as appropriate. C3 Excellent communication skills (oral and written), including public presentations and…"
London,Data Scientist - Machine Learning Lab,72500,Harnham,Experience of working with large volumes of data. Researching and exploring data sets to find hidden patters and trends.
South Kensington,Research Associate Data Assimilation and Machine Learning,41974,Imperial College London," Background in computational science, in particular optimisation, data analysis, and data assimilation techniques (adjoint, enKF etc).You will be expected to:"
London,Data Scientist,80000,Cogs Agency," ” Work on complex data sets.” Work in a multi-disciplinary environment mixing highly skilled people in data science, data engineering, Data Governance and BI."
London,Graduate Quantitative Analyst – Fintech,47500,Bettor Believe," The team manage and model sports betting data, analysing large volumes of structured data in order to extract knowledge and derive trading algorithms."
London,Principle Data Scientist,90000,Harnham," Develop a deep understanding of their data infrastructure and be at the forefront of the technical aspects to use, adopt and implement machine learning…"
London,Lead Data Scientist,85000,Harnham," Join a team of data scientists, to work on full scale campaign management.Working with large scale data on complex research projects.+ a number of benefits."
Barnet,Lead Data Scientist,92500,La Fosse Associates, This is a hugely rewarding opportunity for a Lead Data Scientist to implement a data decision making culture within a thriving start-up.
London,Data Analyst,26500,Harnham, Fantastic training and progression opportunities amongst an established data analytics team.As a data analyst you will work for a leading retail company that…
Liverpool,Research Scientist Grade 8 (2 posts),47043,University of Liverpool,We are looking to appoint an enthusiastic researcher with advanced skills in epidemiology/ statistics /health data science.
London,VP of Data,90000,Harnham,"To qualify for this VP of Data you will need,. Lead the direction of data structures for the whole company. With two analytics teams in London and Europe, the…"
London,Head of Data Science,125000,Michael Page UK,Drive the collection and manipulation of new data and the refine existing data sources. Lead the design and implementation of advanced analytical systems for…
London,Junior Quantitative Researcher,27500,System Recruitment," Data cleaning, data manipulation and data linkage.Quantitative Researcher, data collection, cleaning, merging, regression, quantitative data, statistical…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,90000,Opus Recruitment Solutions," Senior Data Scientist- Temple, London.They are looking for experienced Data Scientist of all experience levels, to expand their 5 person Data team."
London,Data Scientist Python Cloud - FinTech,42500,Client Server,Data Scientist (Python Cloud AWS MongoDB). Experience as a Data Scientist with strong Python coding ability. As a Data Scientist you'll be focussed on the core…
United Kingdom,Climate Science Communicator,35338,Met Office,Organise seminars for Met Office scientists to present their work to policymakers. Ability to provide scientific/technical leadership or mentoring to junior…
London,Statistical Officer across the GSS,21166,UK Government - Government Statistical Service,Presenting and Disseminating Data Effectively. Innovate and solve problems in data management and analysis. Experience in the practical application of analysis…
London,Head of Data Science,90000,NP Group," Are you a Senior Data Scientist experienced with Deep Learning, Neural Networks and NLP, or are you a Head of Data Science with experience building and managing…"
Newcastle upon Tyne,NUAcT Fellow: Data Science in Health,48638,Newcastle University,Extracting value out of this data requires a combination of Biomedical and Data Science expertise. To address these challenges we are bringing together…
Reading,Graduate Environmental Data Analyst - Copernicus Emergency M...,46354,ECMWF,Environmental Forecast Team responsible for CEMS-Floods data to integrate their data products into. Working with the CEMS data providers on integrating their…
London,Data Scientist ( Python / R / SQL ),90000,Venturi,Data Scientist / Tableau / R / NumPy / SQL / NoSQL / Python / Data Mining / Data analytics / Machine learning / Data Visualization / Java / PowerBI.
London,Principal Data Scientist - Innovation,95000,Harnham,The successful Principal Data Scientist will have industrial experience working with big data to solve business problems to scale.
London,Junior Data Engineer,30000,Spectra Analytics,"Experience in Big Data (e.g. You will be a member of a very collaborative and supportive team, and learn from a top Data Architects and Scientists on how to…"
London,Data Scientist,50000,Harrison Holgate,A London Market Underwriters are currently recruiting for a Data Scientist. Use data mining techniques to clean claims data and messages and extract key info…
Orkney,Orkney Native Wildlife Project - Monitoring Officer,20419,RSPB, Designing survey methodologies alongside a Conservation Scientist to ensure that any new data collected can be compared to existing data.
Hammersmith,Biomedical Research Technician,30675,Imperial College London, Documentation and analysis of experimental data.Supporting senior scientists in all aspects of in vivo work involving maintenance and scientific investigations…
Portsmouth,Condition Monitoring Analyst,25383,UK Government - Ministry of Defence," You will be required to analyse, interpret and present evidence from scientific data to both aircraft operators and manufacturers."
United Kingdom,Machine Learning and Mathematical Optimisation Researcher (K...,36569,The University of Manchester," You will be required to have a recently-obtained 2:1 degree (or equivalent) and a PhD in a subject related to data science, machine learning and/or mathematical…"
London,Operations Data Scientist,85000,Harnham, The successful Operations Data Scientist will need the following skills and experience:As a Data Scientist you will be using your advanced analytical expertise…
London,Senior Data Scientist - NLP recommendations,65000,Harnham, The idea behind this software is to work with their clients to onboard customers and clients - gaining access to huge amounts of data from this and applying…
Denham,Data Scientist - Programmatic,40000,CV Screen," You will have excellent data skills and good knowledge of SQL and excellent Excel skills.Are you an experienced Data Scientist, with Programmatic experience…"
London,Senior Biomedical Scientist,43000,Health Services Laboratories LLP, Please find a link to our Privacy Notice explaining how we may process your data on the right hand side of this page.Annual performance related salary review.
Bank Station,Head of Product,120000,Wayhome," You will be an influential communicator, able to engage stakeholders across levels and achieve buy-in through data led discussions.The skills you’ll have*."
Wimbledon,Data Scientist,70000,Rock Paper Click Talent, Work with existing resources on extraction of data from various databases and prepare the data in a in a machine learning ready format.
London,"Data Scientist, London, Up to £45,000",50000,Datascope Recruitment," As a data scientist you will be responsible for bringing data to the table to inform key commercial decisions.Salary up to £50,000 plus benefits."
London,Data Scientist ( Python / R / SQL ),90000,Venturi, Data Scientist / Tableau / R / NumPy / SQL / NoSQL / Python / Data Mining / Data analytics / Machine learning / Data Visualization / Java / PowerBI.
London,Data Science Quant (Banking Consultant),82500,La Fosse Associates, Advanced SQL and data manipulation skills.Experience working within the data science quant space specifically within a banking environment.
London WC1V,Senior Data Analyst - Programmatic,75000,Carrington Recruitment Solutions,"Senior Data Analyst, Data Scientist, Programmatic Analyst, SQL, London *. Passionate about working with data. You MUST be working in the Programmatic sector and…"
London,Data Science Quant (Banking Consultant),82500,La Fosse Associates,Advanced SQL and data manipulation skills. Experience working within the data science quant space specifically within a banking environment.
London,Statistical Officer across the GSS,21166,UK Government - Government Statistical Service,"Membership of a professional community of Methodologists, Data Scientists and Statisticians. Presenting and Disseminating Data Effectively."
London,Data Scientist - optimisation,65000,Harnham,As a Data Scientist in this company you will focus on championing a data-driven approach to solving the company's toughest problems. This is the role for you!
Stevenage,Procurement Data & Systems Analyst,50000,MBDA,"Support the development and evolution of Procurement & Supply Chain Data lakes, structures and data governance. Procurement Data & Systems Analyst, Stevenage."
London,Senior Applied Researcher,77500,Tractable," We have a team of experienced researchers and engineers, the necessary resources (in-house labelling and domain experts) and a large volume of data (100M+…"
Bath,Research Assistant,26715,University of Bath," However, a core element of the role will include qualitative data coding which will be used by our data scientists to create machine learning models for our…"
London,Financial Markets Data Scientist,72500,Taylor James Resourcing,"This includes but is not limited to data exploration, data cleaning, data analysis, application maintenance and result presentation."
London,Data Scientist in the Data & Analytical Services Directorate,36476,Ministry of Justice,"Specific responsibilities will be tailored to reflect your strengths and development needs as data scientists, but broadly your role will involve:"
London,"Data Scientist, London, Up to £45,000",50000,Datascope Recruitment,"As a data scientist you will be responsible for bringing data to the table to inform key commercial decisions. Salary up to £50,000 plus benefits."
London,Big Data Architect,55000,Zeneesha Limited," Overall, 12+ years’ experience in Data Architect, Data Scientist or similar role and minimum 5+ years’ as Big Data Architect working for large scale company."
London,Principal Data Scientist,90000,Harnham,"Hands on experience in Machine Learning, building data sets, optimising algorithms. Develop a deep understanding of data infrastructure and be a technical…"
St. Mary's,"Analytics Fellow, BDAU",52724,Imperial College London,"It provides a secure environment for 80+ computer scientists, data analysts, epidemiologists, clinicians and health economists to store, curate and analyse…"
London,Data Analyst,35000,Burns Sheehan,"As a Data Analyst in this company, you will be responsible for working with internal stakeholders across the company on data analytics and visualisation…"
Glasgow,Text Analytics Data Scientist (KTP Associate),32088,University of Glasgow," C6 Extensive IT and data analysis/interpretation skills as appropriate.C3 Excellent communication skills (oral and written), including public presentations and…"
East London,Senior Specialist,30875,Natural England,"Collecting, monitoring and analysing data and evidence - Expert. We work closely with ecologists and social scientists to produce integrated products."
London,Principal Data Scientist - Director level,90000,Datatech Analytics,Principal Data Scientist - £Competitive Salary – Plus Benefits – London – J10595. Develop a deep understanding of the data infrastructure and champion…
United Kingdom,WW Process Operator (Above Ground),22560,Southern Water,Monitoring and recording of data to ensure statutory and regulatory compliance is met. WW Process Operator (Above Ground). Work Location / Base of Work.
London,Quantitative Analyst,72500,The JM Group,"Financial Services Company is hiring for a Quantitative Analyst for their team based in London. Salary range is between £60K - £85K, depending on skills and…"
London,Fraud Modelling,70000,Harnham,"Work closely with data scientists, analysts, and client managers to optimise client platforms. Strong data analysis techniques and an interest in machine…"
London,Research Scientist,65000,Opus Recruitment Solutions, Data Scientist/ Security/ Python/ Machine Learning/ St Paul’s.Data Scientist/ Security/ Python/ Machine Learning/ St Paul’s.At least a Master (PhD.
South Kensington,Research Associate in Polymer Synthesis and Drug Delivery,43897,Imperial College London, Undertake the associated data analysis and interpretation of data.Experience in data and image analysis.To ensure the validity and reliability of data at all…
London,Senior Insights Analyst,70000,Babylon Health, Babylon is just getting started as a data driven organisation and this is an opportunity to be a key part of that process.We’re only as good as our people.
London,MRC Postdoctoral Research Scientist LMS 1199,37279,Medical Research Council," To critically analyse and present data, ensuring reliability, reproducibility and statistical robustness.To present data at national and international meetings…"
London,Data Scientist - Machine Learning Lab,72500,Harnham, Experience of working with large volumes of data.Building machine learning and AI products in an established UK Data Lab.
London,Lead Data Scientist,85000,Datatech Analytics, Lead Data Scientist - £Competitive Salary – Plus Benefits – London – J10106.This is an exciting opportunity to join this progressive and exciting employer who…
Porton Down,Data Fusion Scientist - Return to Engineering,28000,STEM Returners,The programme provides a new group of returners a route back into engineering and a rewarding career as a Data Fusion Scientist at Porton Down Science Park in…
London,"Principal Data Scientist - FS - London - £105,000 + Benefits",100000,Lawrence Harvey,"Principal Data Scientist - FS - London - £105,000 + Benefits. The Principal Data Scientist would also be involved in building the practice through identifying…"
London,Quantitative Developer – 80k,72500,Ampersand Consulting, A degree in a quantitative subject such as Physics or Maths.Strong numerical and statistical skills;Excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities;
London,Data Engineer,70000,Tractable, Work closely with data scientists and researchers to maximise the impact of available data to the performance of our algorithms.Closing date: 24 October 2019.
Aberdeen,Chair in Health Data Science,60905,University of Aberdeen," You will be an experienced and enthusiastic communicator about health data science, who will inspire and engage a wide range of audiences and support and mentor…"
Westminster,Head of Data Science Capability,63349,UK Government - Office for National Statistics, Our current programme has been in place since 2018 and is on track to train 500 data analysts and data scientists for government by 2021.
London,Data Science,90000,Datatech Analytics," Undertake complex data analysis, hypothesis testing, data preparation, product prototyping and development of prognostic models."
Hatfield,Data scientist,32500,Clinical Professionals," A large global pharmaceutical company is looking for someone to join their team as a data scientist.Have experience within bioinformatics, ideally in mass…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,55000,Clinical Professionals,A large contract research organisation is looking for someone to join their Data Science and Advanced Analytics team as a senior data scientist.
London,Senior Data Scientist - NLP recommendations,65000,Harnham,As a Senior Data Scientist in this company you will focus on championing a data-driven approach to solving the company's toughest problems.
Norwich NR4,Associate Practitioner Healthcare Scientist,22425,Norfolk and Norwich University Hospitals NHS Found...,"Assist in the education and training of Medical staff, Clinical Scientists, other Biomedical Scientists, Trainee Biomedical Scientists, MLA’s and visiting…"
Cheltenham,Lead Data Scientist – Attribution Reporting and Modelling,45000,UCAS,Embrace scrum methodology and work effectively in a self-organising team of data scientists. Work alongside and mentor other data scientists to research and…
London,Data Scientist,47500,Blue Legal,Proven experience as a data scientist. A unique opportunity has arisen for a Data Scientist to join a global professional services institution whom are global…
London,Client Growth Manager,40000,Applied,"We look for the wrong things, we’re biased, and we don’t follow the data. You can read about us in the New York Times, Harvard Business Review, TechCrunch and…"
London,Decision Scientist,40000,Datatech Analytics,Confident in handling & integrating qualitative data sets. The huge amount of data that is harnessed requires creativity to transform insight into truly…
West Midlands,Associate Scientist – Radar & Electronic Warfare,35000,Thomas Search,Associate Scientist – Radar & Electronic Warfare. TS592 - Associate Scientist – Radar & Electronic Warfare. Undertaking complex signal processing to form images…
London,Insights Product Manager,67500,Babylon Health,Motivated and technically capable product manager with knowledge of the data analytics/business intelligence field. We’re only as good as our people.
Greenwich,Lecturer in Data Science,36474,University of Greenwich," The post would be ideally suited for a recent PhD in Data Science, or any area including significant expertise in applied statistics."
Oxfordshire,Data Scientist,62500,Michael Page UK," Experience with building data products, either internal or consumer-facing.Experience working with unstructured data and Natural Language Processing Non…"
London,Data Science Consultant - R& Python,52500,Metrica Recruitment,Undoubtedly this opportunity will provide a great platform for an experienced Data Scientist to widen their skill-set across a variety of sectors.
London,Backend Software Developer – Junior Level,37500,Turing Intelligence Technology,Implementing more advance & novel machine learning algorithms with our data scientist team from scratch). The data is transmitted over WebSockets.
London,Artificial Intelligence Engineer / Data Scientist,80000,Deerfoot,"Data Engineer, Data Architect, Big Data Consultant, Data Scientist, Data Modeller, Big Data Analyst, AI Engineer. Latest Data Science platforms (e.g."
London,Backend Python Data Pipeline Engineer,72500,Richard Wheeler Associates,"Backend Data Pipeline Engineer / Data Scientist / Data Engineer - Python, Linux, Hadoop / Hive / Spark. Backend Python Data Pipeline Engineer / Data Scientist –…"
Yorkshire,Graduate Data Scientist,25000,kdr Recruitment,What you’ll be doing as a Data Scientist: Working with the other Data Scientist’s to develop models that are beneficial to improving the state of infrastructure…
London,Machine Learning Engineer,45000,Oscar Technology," A network and communications organisation are looking for a Machine learning Engineer to help design, develop and implement machine learning algorithms into…"
Billingham,Research Scientist/Senior Research Scientist – Temporary,29706,Fujifilm Diosynth Biotechnologies," We currently have an opportunity for a Research Scientist/Senior Research Scientist to join the company, initially on a temporary basis to cover maternity leave…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,70000,Capita IT Resourcing, I am currently seeking a Senior Data Scientist to be based in London with my client who is a consultancy focusing purely on Data Science and Machine Learning…
London,Data Scientist - Product,75000,Harnham," As a Data Scientist in this team, you will be focusing on applying machine learning products, using large data sets including real time and historical data."
London,Data Scientist - Python,40000,Give A Grad A Go," Looking for Data Scientist Jobs in London?In this Data Scientist job, your responsibilities will include:In this Data Scientist job, you will be working for…"
London,Data Analyst,30000,Blue Pelican," Strong experience within data analysis, using tools such as Excel and SQL for data manipulation.Thinking innovatively around the use of data and how to solve…"
Oxford OX3,Research Assistant / Senior Research Assistant,31000,Nucleome Therapeutics Ltd,"We are looking for a highly motivated, organised, detail-oriented and proactive scientist with knowledge and experience in molecular biology."
Yorkshire,Graduate Data Scientist,25000,kdr Recruitment, What you’ll be doing as a Data Scientist:Working with the other Data Scientist’s to develop models that are beneficial to improving the state of infrastructure…
Billingham,Research Scientist/Senior Research Scientist – Temporary,29706,Fujifilm Diosynth Biotechnologies,"Temporary 9-12 months (maternity cover). Fujifilm Diosynth Biotechnologies based in Billingham, Stockton-on-Tees specialise in developing manufacturing…"
London,Senior Data Scientist,70000,Capita IT Resourcing,I am currently seeking a Senior Data Scientist to be based in London with my client who is a consultancy focusing purely on Data Science and Machine Learning…
London,Data Scientist - Product,75000,Harnham,"As a Data Scientist in this team, you will be focusing on applying machine learning products, using large data sets including real time and historical data."
London,Data Scientist - Python,40000,Give A Grad A Go,"Looking for Data Scientist Jobs in London? In this Data Scientist job, your responsibilities will include: In this Data Scientist job, you will be working for…"
Billingham,Research Scientist/Senior Research Scientist – Temporary,29706,Fujifilm Diosynth Biotechnologies,"Research Scientist/Senior Research Scientist. Grade: 30-32 (depending on experience). Salary £23,012- £36,400. Temporary 9-12 months (maternity cover)."
London,Senior Data Scientist - Experimentation,75000,Harnham," Current projects include using big data to develop recommender systems in real-time, using Spark.The successful Senior Data Scientist will have industrial…"
London,Senior Data Scientist - AI/ML Healthcare Analytics - London,67500,Lawrence Harvey," Knolwedge of healthcare data, biostatistics or experience in bioinformatics.As a Senior Data Scientist you will join an established team utilising one of the…"
London,Data Analyst,30000,Blue Pelican,"Strong experience within data analysis, using tools such as Excel and SQL for data manipulation. Skilled in the use of data insights; £25k - £35k plus benefits."
London,Data Analyst,30000,Blue Pelican," Strong experience within data analysis, using tools such as Excel and SQL for data manipulation.Skilled in the use of data insights;£25k - £35k plus benefits."
London,Machine Learning Engineer,45000,Oscar Technology,"A network and communications organisation are looking for a Machine learning Engineer to help design, develop and implement machine learning algorithms into…"
Billingham,Research Scientist/Senior Research Scientist – Temporary,29706,Fujifilm Diosynth Biotechnologies,"Research Scientist/Senior Research Scientist. 30-32 (depending on experience). Salary £23,012- £36,400. Temporary 9-12 months (maternity cover)."
London,Senior Data Scientist,70000,Capita IT Resourcing,Primary responsibilities will be developing and implementing algorithmic tolls to gain insights from costumers data.
London,Data Scientist - Product,75000,Harnham,"Using SQL for data manipulation. The successful data scientist will have industrial experience using machine learning techniques, in Python, for forecasting."
London,Data Scientist - Python,40000,Give A Grad A Go,"Reviewing, analysing and managing large amounts of industry and company data. Using your data knowledge to make and rigorously test hypotheses to improve the…"
London,Senior Data Scientist - modelling,75000,Harnham,The successful Senior Data Scientist will have extensive knowledge and commercial use of SQL and Python/R. A well-known global retailer is drastically building…
London,Data Scientist - NLP,67500,Harnham,"As a Data Scientist you will be: Helping the business define Data Science strategy and working on new ways to make the most of data. £75,000 + Bonus + Benefits."
Yorkshire,Graduate Data Scientist,25000,kdr Recruitment,"What you’ll be doing as a Data Scientist: If so, this is the perfect opportunity for you to progress as a Data Scientist."
London,Lead Data Scientist - Executing Strategy,115000,Harnham,"Lead Data Scientist - Executing Strategy. As a Lead Data Scientist, you will be analysing large data sets to make predictions on trading strategies."
London,Lead Data Scientist - Executing Strategy,115000,Harnham,"As a Lead Data Scientist, you will be analysing large data sets to make predictions on trading strategies. Lead Data Scientist - Executing Strategy."
London,Junior Quantitative Analyst,47500,Bettor Believe,"The research team manage and model sports betting data, analysing large volumes of structured data in order to extract knowledge and derive trading algorithms."
London,Senior Data Scientist - Experimentation,75000,Harnham,The successful Senior Data Scientist will have industrial experience working with big data to solve business problems to scale.
London,Senior Data Scientist - AI/ML Healthcare Analytics - London,67500,Lawrence Harvey,"Proven successful experience in a similar role as a Data Scientist. This will see the successful Data Scientist gathering requirements, shaping & modelling data…"
Leeds,Research Assistant,27993,Leeds Beckett University,You will also be familiar with handling large data sets and undertaking statistical analysis. You will support research leaders in undertaking building…
London,Data Analyst,30000,Blue Pelican," Strong experience within data analysis, using tools such as Excel and SQL for data manipulation.Skilled in the use of data insights;"
Buxton,GIS Scientist/Analyst,32496,UK Government - Health and Safety Executive," Developing new analytical and data management techniques that can be utilised by the wider team, including guidance and training."
Falmer,Admin Assistant,21927,Southern Water,"Analysing and interpreting financial statistics and other data and produce relevant audit reports for internal and external customers; Working for us, you will:"
London,Senior Data Scientist - modelling,75000,Harnham," A well-known global retailer is drastically building out their data science function, they're investing heavily into being the leaders in data and analytics…"
London,Data Scientist - NLP,67500,Harnham, Making sense of complex unstructured data sets.Helping the business define Data Science strategy and working on new ways to make the most of data.
Yorkshire,Graduate Data Scientist,25000,kdr Recruitment," £24,000 - £26,000 per annum.Are you just finishing or have recently finished University studying a STEM related degree and are considering your first…"
Oxford OX3,Research Assistant / Senior Research Assistant,31000,Nucleome Therapeutics Ltd," We are looking for a highly motivated, organised, detail-oriented and proactive scientist with knowledge and experience in molecular biology."
London,Data Analyst,30000,Blue Pelican,"Strong experience within data analysis, using tools such as Excel and SQL for data manipulation. Skilled in the use of data insights;"
Buxton,GIS Scientist/Analyst,32496,UK Government - Health and Safety Executive,"Developing new analytical and data management techniques that can be utilised by the wider team, including guidance and training."
London W6,Data Scientist,62500,causaLens,"This is an exciting role for a smart, creative person to take point on research and development of sophisticated, cutting-edge platform for machine learning on…"
London,Senior Data Scientist - London,75000,Smartlytics Consultancy Limited,"Smartlytics Consultancy a small analytics consultancy is looking for 2x experienced senior data scientists to join our team. E.g. regression, k-means, etc."
London,Senior Data Scientist - modelling,75000,Harnham,"A well-known global retailer is drastically building out their data science function, they're investing heavily into being the leaders in data and analytics…"
Falmer,Admin Assistant,21927,Southern Water,"Our engineers, scientists, technicians, customer and corporate service teams work together to provide water and wastewater services to more than 4.6 million…"
London,Data Scientist - NLP,67500,Harnham,Making sense of complex unstructured data sets. Helping the business define Data Science strategy and working on new ways to make the most of data.
Yorkshire,Graduate Data Scientist,25000,kdr Recruitment,"£24,000 - £26,000 per annum. Are you just finishing or have recently finished University studying a STEM related degree and are considering your first…"
London,Lead Data Scientist - Executing Strategy,115000,Harnham," Lead Data Scientist - Executing Strategy.As a Lead Data Scientist, you will be analysing large data sets to make predictions on trading strategies."
London,Senior Data Scientist - Experimentation,75000,Harnham, The successful Senior Data Scientist will have industrial experience working with big data to solve business problems to scale.
London,Senior Data Scientist - AI/ML Healthcare Analytics - London,67500,Lawrence Harvey," Proven successful experience in a similar role as a Data Scientist.This will see the successful Data Scientist gathering requirements, shaping & modelling data…"
Leeds,Research Assistant,27993,Leeds Beckett University, You will also be familiar with handling large data sets and undertaking statistical analysis.You will support research leaders in undertaking building…
London,Private Equity Data Scientist,45000,Capricorn Capital Partners UK,We are looking to add a data scientist with experience in data analysis and statistical modelling to the team. Analyse raw and messy data.
London W6,Data Scientist,62500,causaLens,We are looking for a motivated and high-achieving Data Scientist to join our team working on Automated Machine Learning for time-series.
London,Senior Data Scientist / Machine Learning Engineer,50000,decisionLab Ltd,We are seeking to expand our talented and dynamic team of data scientists. We are seeking to appoint data scientists / machine learning engineers as full-time…
London,Senior Data Scientist - London,75000,Smartlytics Consultancy Limited,"Smartlytics Consultancy a small analytics consultancy is looking for 2x experienced senior data scientists to join our team. AWS, Azure or GCP experience."
Oxford OX3,Research Assistant / Senior Research Assistant,31000,Nucleome Therapeutics Ltd,"We are building a passionate, creative and dedicated multi-disciplinary team of scientists with expertise in gene regulation, genomics, machine learning, data…"
Liverpool,Research Assistant,31486,Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine,"The successful individual must also be able to effectively liaise with collaborators and team members from different cultures, and be capable of diligently…"
Oxford OX3,Research Assistant / Senior Research Assistant,31000,Nucleome Therapeutics Ltd," We are building a passionate, creative and dedicated multi-disciplinary team of scientists with expertise in gene regulation, genomics, machine learning, data…"
Liverpool,Research Assistant,31486,Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine," The successful individual must also be able to effectively liaise with collaborators and team members from different cultures, and be capable of diligently…"
London W6,Data Scientist,62500,causaLens," This is an exciting role for a smart, creative person to take point on research and development of sophisticated, cutting-edge platform for machine learning on…"
London,Senior Data Scientist - London,75000,Smartlytics Consultancy Limited," Smartlytics Consultancy a small analytics consultancy is looking for 2x experienced senior data scientists to join our team.E.g. regression, k-means, etc."
London,Lead Data Scientist - Executing Strategy,115000,Harnham," As a Lead Data Scientist, you will be analysing large data sets to make predictions on trading strategies.Lead Data Scientist - Executing Strategy."
London,Junior Quantitative Analyst,47500,Bettor Believe," The research team manage and model sports betting data, analysing large volumes of structured data in order to extract knowledge and derive trading algorithms."
London,Private Equity Data Scientist,45000,Capricorn Capital Partners UK, We are looking to add a data scientist with experience in data analysis and statistical modelling to the team.Analyse raw and messy data.
London W6,Data Scientist,62500,causaLens, We are looking for a motivated and high-achieving Data Scientist to join our team working on Automated Machine Learning for time-series.
London,Senior Data Scientist / Machine Learning Engineer,50000,decisionLab Ltd, We are seeking to expand our talented and dynamic team of data scientists.We are seeking to appoint data scientists / machine learning engineers as full-time…
London,Senior Data Scientist - London,75000,Smartlytics Consultancy Limited," Smartlytics Consultancy a small analytics consultancy is looking for 2x experienced senior data scientists to join our team.AWS, Azure or GCP experience."
London,Senior Data Scientist - modelling,75000,Harnham, The successful Senior Data Scientist will have extensive knowledge and commercial use of SQL and Python/R.A well-known global retailer is drastically building…
Falmer,Admin Assistant,21927,Southern Water," Analysing and interpreting financial statistics and other data and produce relevant audit reports for internal and external customers;Working for us, you will:"
London,Data Scientist - NLP,67500,Harnham," As a Data Scientist you will be:Helping the business define Data Science strategy and working on new ways to make the most of data.£75,000 + Bonus + Benefits."
Yorkshire,Graduate Data Scientist,25000,kdr Recruitment," What you’ll be doing as a Data Scientist:If so, this is the perfect opportunity for you to progress as a Data Scientist."
