Location,Title,Price,Company,Summary
"Orlando, FL 32801 (Central Business District area)",Data Scientist (Database Administrator),95160,"Orange County Government, Florida"," Posting Closes: October 30, 2019 (posting subject to close without prior notification).Prefer candidates with hands on experience with data analytics and…"
"Sanford, FL",RESEARCH STATISTICIAN,49784,Seminole County Sheriff's Office,This position performs professional work applying analytics to statistical analysis. Statistical areas of focus include applying modeling and analytic skills to…
"Davie, FL","District Director, Research and Data Science",81535,Broward College," Expertise in Predictive Modeling, Applied Machine Learning/Python Programming, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data Analytics, Data Warehouse technologies would be…"
"Tampa, FL",Python Architect / Data Scientist,130000,Aceolution Inc,Aceolution is placing the candidate for a top MNC company. The candidate will be directly working for the client company and will have all the benefits.
"Columbia, SC 29223",Statistician III,40759,State of South Carolina, Performs detailed statistical analysis and research on traffic records data using Statistical Analysis Software (SAS) and other software.
"Columbia, SC 29208",Geospatial Data Scientist,55000,University of South Carolina,"Master’s degree in public health, health services research, science, engineering, geography or related field with coursework and/or work experience with GIS…"
"Aiken County, SC",Statistician III (3IER19),40759,State of South Carolina,"Applying appropriate statistical analysis for use in data mining, forecasting, assessment, and/or predictive analytics as appropriate for each assigned project."
"Columbia, SC 29208",Geospatial Data Scientist,55000,University of South Carolina,"With more than 20 years of uninterrupted funding from grants, contracts, and foundations, our integrated health and policy research is at the forefront of…"
"Columbia, SC 29208",Geospatial Data Scientist,55000,University of South Carolina," With more than 20 years of uninterrupted funding from grants, contracts, and foundations, our integrated health and policy research is at the forefront of…"
"Columbia, SC 29208",Geospatial Data Scientist,55000,University of South Carolina," Master’s degree in public health, health services research, science, engineering, geography or related field with coursework and/or work experience with GIS…"
"Aiken County, SC",Statistician III (3IER19),40759,State of South Carolina," Applying appropriate statistical analysis for use in data mining, forecasting, assessment, and/or predictive analytics as appropriate for each assigned project."
"Columbia, SC 29223",Statistician III,40759,State of South Carolina," A bachelor's degree in mathematics or statistics, and relevant program experience.Performs detailed statistical analysis and research on traffic records data…"
"Columbia, SC 29223",Statistician III,40759,State of South Carolina,"A bachelor's degree in mathematics or statistics, and relevant program experience. Performs detailed statistical analysis and research on traffic records data…"
"Pittsburgh, PA",Statistical Data Analyst,61542,The University of Pittsburgh," A combination of relevant experience, including academic internships, and education may be substituted for a masters degree."
"Pittsburgh, PA",Data Science Programmer,61542,The University of Pittsburgh, The Osmanbeyoglu lab is looking for a Data Science Programmer (DSP) to work on cutting-edge and clinically relevant problems in cancer biology using genome-wide…
"Plymouth Meeting, PA",Chief Data Officer,225000,Pplumm," Creating value through data exploitation, providing the platform for data mining, machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques."
"Philadelphia, PA 19102 (City Center West area)",Senior Data Scientist,150000,Catalyst, Our marque client is seeking a talented data science lead who will be responsible for researching and identifying Machine Learning (ML) and NaturalLanguage…
"Philadelphia, PA",Sales Engineer - Data Privacy,85000,Clarip," Competitive salary, based on the experience.Lead and execute POC efforts and ensure total customer satisfaction.Knowledge of security technologies is a plus."
"Philadelphia, PA",Sales Engineer - Data Privacy,85000,Clarip," Competitive salary, based on the experience.5-7 years of relevant experience in supporting SaaS / Enterprise software sales*."
"Philadelphia, PA",Sales Engineer - Data Privacy,85000,Clarip,"Competitive salary, based on the experience. 5-7 years of relevant experience in supporting SaaS / Enterprise software sales*. Then we want to hear from you!"
"Philadelphia, PA",Sales Engineer - Data Privacy,85000,Clarip," Competitive salary, based on the experience.5-7 years of relevant experience in supporting SaaS / Enterprise software sales.Then we want to hear from you!"
"Philadelphia, PA",Sales Engineer - Data Privacy,85000,Clarip," Competitive salary, based on the experience.5-7 years of relevant experience in supporting SaaS / Enterprise software sales*.Then we want to hear from you!"
"Philadelphia, PA",Sales Engineer - Data Privacy,85000,Clarip,"Competitive salary, based on the experience. 5-7 years of relevant experience in supporting SaaS / Enterprise software sales*."
"Tempe, AZ",Data Analyst Sr,55448,Arizona State University," Experience preparing and executing project plans, requirements, and testing documentation.Activities are performed in an environmentally controlled office…"
"Tempe, AZ",Data Architect,150000,Arizona State University," Develops an analytics data ecosystem in an immature data environment, and develops ongoing, incremental data architecture strategies that facilitate migration…"
"Tempe, AZ",Data Architect,150000,Arizona State University,"Develops an analytics data ecosystem in an immature data environment, and develops ongoing, incremental data architecture strategies that facilitate migration…"
"Maricopa County, AZ",HRIS Data Analyst Senior,88847,Maricopa Community Colleges,"Performs data mining in the system to find trends. Test objectives, test cases, test data and test scripts) for executing unit, integration, system and/or…"
"Phoenix, AZ",Supervisory Operations Research Analyst (Data Science),124642,US Department of the Army," Appointment may be subject to a suitability or fitness determination, as determined by a completed background investigation.Direct Deposit of Pay is required."
"Tempe, AZ 85282 (Cyprus Southwest area)",Ph.D. Level Mathematician (M/F),80000,AWD Industries, Very long-term employment in highly advanced scientific mathematics in Multi-Dimensional Quantum Field Physics.This could be a life-long position.
"Tempe, AZ 85282 (Cyprus Southwest area)",Ph.D. Level Mathematician (M/F),80000,AWD Industries,Must already have experience in advanced mathematics in Quantum Field Physics. Will be a co-teacher accompanying the quantum field physicist at a hundred or…
"Tempe, AZ 85282 (Cyprus Southwest area)",Ph.D. Level Mathematician (M/F),80000,AWD Industries, Will be a co-teacher accompanying the quantum field physicist at a hundred or more universities as a visiting math professor in Multi-Dimensional Quantum Field…
"Tempe, AZ 85282 (Cyprus Southwest area)",Ph.D. Level Mathematician (M/F),80000,AWD Industries, Must already have experience in advanced mathematics in Quantum Field Physics.Will be a co-teacher accompanying the quantum field physicist at a hundred or…
"Tempe, AZ 85282 (Cyprus Southwest area)",Ph.D. Level Mathematician (M/F),80000,AWD Industries,Very long-term employment in highly advanced scientific mathematics in Multi-Dimensional Quantum Field Physics. What date could you be available to start?
"Tempe, AZ 85282 (Cyprus Southwest area)",Ph.D. Level Mathematician (M/F),80000,AWD Industries, Very long-term employment in highly advanced scientific mathematics in Multi-Dimensional Quantum Field Physics.What date could you be available to start?
"San Francisco, CA 94107 (South Of Market area)",Data Scientist (Jr. to Sr. Level),170000,Piper Companies, Please send resumes to Jason Olsavsky at jolsavsky@zacharypiper.com.Creating dashboards for data visualization.At least 3 years if Data Science experience.
"Palo Alto, CA",Data Scientist,117500,Spry Health, You’ll get the opportunity to design and execute experiments with medical grade reference devices both in-house and with high profile clinical partners around…
"Los Angeles, CA",Data Scientist,90000,AvantStay," Ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as cluster analytics, sampling theory and design of experiments, analysis of variance, correlation…"
"San Jose, CA",Data Scientist,115000,Architecture Technology Corporation (ATCorp)," As someone who is passionate about machine learning and data driven techniques, for real world applications, you will have the initiative and drive to develop…"
"San Francisco, CA",Data Scientist,275000,Blue Owl, Demonstrable expertise building and supporting machine learning models deployed to production.You have built time series models using econometric approaches as…
"Los Angeles, CA",Data Scientist,90000,AvantStay,"Ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as cluster analytics, sampling theory and design of experiments, analysis of variance, correlation…"
"Edwards AFB, CA",Mathematical Statistics Series,96188,US Department of the Air Force,"Your experience included professional knowledge or mathematics principles and concepts, and familiarity with other scientific and engineering disciplines to…"
"Springfield, VA",Data Scientist,95949,National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency,"Other duties may include: \* Develop and apply quantitative and qualitative analytic methods to identify, collect, process, and analyze large data sets for…"
"Richmond, VA 23219 (City Center area)",Decision Scientist,79900,Virginia Department of Transportation," Extensive experience in: working with different types of data sources, preferably databases; integration and cleansing of disparate or incomplete data sets;…"
"Richmond, VA 23219 (City Center area)",Decision Scientist,79900,Virginia Department of Transportation,"Demonstrated proficiency in common statistical programming languages or libraries such as SQL, Python, R, etc. Demonstrated proficiency in visualization tools…"
"Alexandria, VA",Statistician,106159,US Department of Defense,"Solves complex problems that have been either generated or submitted for formulation, analysis or solution and integrates the mathematical and statistical…"
"Charlottesville, VA",Data Analyst/Senior Data Analyst,52500,The Rector & Visitors of the University of Virgini...,"CDT has pursued a path to advance the use of technology, including analytics, to allow improved management, monitoring, and therapies for patients with Type 1…"
"Alexandria, VA",Mathematical Statistician,80021,US Department of Defense,"Applying mathematical, statistical, or text analysis using software packages, communicating analysis results, and applying useful mathematical, statistical, or…"
"Reston, VA","Supervisory Statistical Assistant, GS-1531-11 (SRM-MP)",80021,US Department of the Interior," Performing well defined projects or project segments involving selecting, applying & adapting established statistical methods;Open to all U.S. citizens under:"
"Ivy, VA",School of Data Science Director of Development for the Data...,117500,The Rector & Visitors of the University of Virgini...," A compelling candidate will be highly strategic and have the skills to design, manage, and implement a multi-pronged fundraising plan."
"Alexandria, VA",Mathematical Statistician,80021,US Department of Defense," Applying mathematical, statistical, or text analysis using software packages, communicating analysis results, and applying useful mathematical, statistical, or…"
"Tysons, VA",Data Scientist,100000,MRP, 3+ years of software development or relevant experience.A Series B SaaS company in the cyber security realm is looking for a Senior Java Developer to join a…
"Vienna, VA",Data Scientist,87000,Metronome LLC," Standard machine learning packages such as panda and sklearn;Common machine learning algorithms and problem domains to include feature engineering,…"
"Sterling, VA",Senior Data Scientist,106000,Discovery," Using big data platforms, data warehousing and business intelligence technology, audience data, advanced analytics, data science, visualization, and self…"
"Tysons Corner, VA",Sr. Data Analyst,77500,Wisdom Group,"We are recruiting for a Business Data Analyst in Tysons Corner, Virginia. The SDA applies analytical and technical expertise to assist in defining, analyzing,…"
"Alexandria, VA 22314 (Southwest Quadrant area)",Principal AI and Machine Learning Scientist,175000,AEEC,"Deep understanding and experience of machine learning, and deep learning theory, algorithms, approaches and practice, including probabilistic and statistical…"
"Reston, VA",Data Scientist - (Active) TS/SCI w/Poly,200000,Twinn Intelligence Group,"Programming languages (at least one) e.g., Linux, Python, R, SQL, Java, C++, Javascript, PHP. Statistics (at least one) e.g., Inference, Machine Learning,…"
"Reston, VA",Cleared Data Scientist,175000,Leading Path Consulting,"1.Programming languages (at least one): e.g., Linux, Python, R, SQL, Java, C++, Javascript, PHP. Statistics (at least one): e.g., Inference, Machine Learning,…"
"Reston, VA",Senior Machine Learning Engineer,190000,Gridiron IT,"Our team is growing and we are looking for a new team member to build a machine learning solution together with a highly multi-disciplinary team of engineers,…"
"McLean, VA",3D Computer Vision Engineer,105000,"Xyken, LLC"," We look for candidates with strong computer vision background (preferably related to 3D reconstruction, 3D modeling, or artificial intelligence or AI) to join…"
"McLean, VA",3D Computer Vision Engineer,105000,"Xyken, LLC",Computer vision: 3 years (Required). You must have a minimum 2 years of industrial or lab experience in this field. Check out our sample product videos:
"Lansing, MI",Manager Claims Data Quality,81087,Farm Bureau Mutual Insurance Company of Michigan,To develop and manage strategic initiatives that will provide analytics which shed insight into all aspects of Claims Operations.
"Gahanna, OH",Data Scientist,85000,Kognetics,"Excellent knowledge of at least twocoding languages, e.g. Python, Java, Scala, R Language, SQL, ETL Tools, Perland Pig; Being able to work autonomously;"
"Cleveland, OH","AST, Data Systems",89331,US National Aeronautics and Space Administration,"A bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university with major study in Aeronautical Engineering, Aeronautics, Aerospace Engineering, Architecture,…"
"Cleveland, OH","AST, Data Systems",89331,US National Aeronautics and Space Administration,"Designs or directs the development of signal processing waveforms, machine learning, and artificial intelligence technology applications involving state-of-the…"
"Cleveland, OH","AST, Data Systems",89331,US National Aeronautics and Space Administration," Designs or directs the development of signal processing waveforms, machine learning, and artificial intelligence technology applications involving state-of-the…"
"Columbus, OH 43210 (Olentangy River Road area)",Research Statistician,60000,Ohio State University Medical Center, Proficiency with statistical software (especially SAS and/or R) required;Research Statistician (Job Opening 451967) - Research Statistician consults and…
"Cincinnati, OH",Data Scientist,95000,Golden Resource Solutions,"Current tools and technologies include SAS, R, SQL, Tableau, and Python or matching learning techniques; Extensive experience with Project planning."
"Mason, OH",Data Scientist,105000,Clarigent Health,"Mason, Ohio based Clarigent Health is using artificial intelligence and machine learning to study a person’s language and speech patterns to detect warning…"
"Anchorage, AK",Statistician,114368,US Department of Energy,"For paid work experience, please indicate your starting salary for each position and the highest salary you earned (if different). 3327 and 3330 and 5 CFR 330."
"Anchorage, AK",Mathematical Statistician,114368,US Department of Energy," For paid work experience, please indicate your starting salary for each position and the highest salary you earned (if different).3327 and 3330 and 5 CFR 330."
"Anchorage, AK",Statistician,114368,US Department of Energy," Your resume should also include any education and training you have completed (list the program title, subject area, number of hours completed, and completion…"
"Anchorage, AK",Statistician,114368,US Department of Energy,"This series covers positions that manage, supervise, lead, or perform scientific work or provide professional consultation in applying statistical theories,…"
"Anchorage, AK",Mathematical Statistician,114368,US Department of Energy,"Your resume should also include any education and training you have completed (list the program title, subject area, number of hours completed, and completion…"
"Anchorage, AK",Statistician,114368,US Department of Energy,"Your resume should also include any education and training you have completed (list the program title, subject area, number of hours completed, and completion…"
"Anchorage, AK",Mathematical Statistician,114368,US Department of Energy,"For paid work experience, please indicate your starting salary for each position and the highest salary you earned (if different). 3327 and 3330 and 5 CFR 330."
"Anchorage, AK",Statistician,114368,US Department of Energy," This series covers positions that manage, supervise, lead, or perform scientific work or provide professional consultation in applying statistical theories,…"
"Anchorage, AK",Mathematical Statistician,114368,US Department of Energy," Your resume should also include any education and training you have completed (list the program title, subject area, number of hours completed, and completion…"
"Galveston, TX 77550",Clinical Data Scientist,101231,UTMB, Five years of clinical analytics experience in a healthcare or hospital environment.Support the rest of the Clinical Data and Analytics Team in understanding…
"Austin, TX 78703",Senior Data Scientist - Sports,125000,Zelus Analytics," At least five years of experience in applied mathematical and predictive modeling (statistics, machine learning, optimization, and/or simulation)."
"Austin, TX 78703",Senior Data Scientist - Sports,125000,Zelus Analytics,"At least five years of experience in applied mathematical and predictive modeling (statistics, machine learning, optimization, and/or simulation)."
"Austin, TX 78731","Senior Data Scientist, Product - Resume Search",146000,Indeed,"Use quantitative analysis, data mining, and machine learning techniques to understand how hundreds of millions of jobseekers and employers are interacting on…"
"Austin, TX 78701 (Downtown area)",Director of Research and Statistics,135000,"Far Harbor, LLC","The Director also mentors and manages scientific staff, directs analyses of population health surveys, oversees data preparation and quality checking, develops…"
"Salt Lake City, UT",Data Scientist,93450,University of Utah,Generate modeling and use insights to find data anomalies and identify trends and other recommended metrics to university leadership.
"Salt Lake City, UT",Quantitative Data Scientist,102974,University of Utah,"Identifies trends and problems through complex big data analysis. Interprets results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple…"
"Salt Lake City, UT",Healthcare Data Scientist,102974,University of Utah,Generate modeling and use insights to drive change with teams across the health system teams. Independently construct and lead teams through multiple project…
"Salt Lake City, UT",Data Science Post Doctoral Fellow (E),48500,University of Utah,"Interested applicants should send a personal statement, CV, and names of 3 references to: Interested applicants should send a personal statement, CV, and names…"
"Salt Lake City, UT",NLP Programmer Sr.,81174,University of Utah,"Performing data preparation and analysis as well as management of complex clinical data sources. Clinical NLP experience (e.g., UIMA, MetaMap, or cTAKES)."
"Fort Meade, MD",Data Scientist,125762,National Security Agency,"Use data mining tools and/or machine learning tools to search for data identification, characteristics, trends, or anomalies."
"Rockville, MD",Data Science and Analytics Research Fellowship,88421,,"As a Research Participant in the NIAID Data Analytics and Research Branch (DARB), the participant will receive training and hands-on-experience in applying and…"
"Baltimore, MD 21218 (Midway-Coldstream area)",Sr. Research Data Analyst,62352,Johns Hopkins University,"During the Influenza (""the flu"") season, as a condition of employment, The Johns Hopkins Institutions require all employees who provide ongoing services to…"
"Baltimore, MD 21205 (Orangeville area)",Sr. Education Intelligence Data Analyst,70357,Johns Hopkins University, Ensures that the use of business intelligence applications enhances clinical & business decision-making capabilities.Personnel area: School of Medicine.
"Woodlawn, MD",Statistician (Health),60887,US Department of Health And Human Services,"This position is located in the Department of Health & Human Services (HHS), Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), Center for Program Integrity(CPI),…"
"Fort Meade, MD",Mathematical Statistician,79193,National Security Agency," Entry is with a Bachelor's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree plus 1 year of relevant experience, or a Doctoral degree and no…"
"Suitland, MD","Supervisory Mathematical Statistician, GS-1529-14, Census-CT...",134771,US Department of Commerce," Ability to lead and manage the development and implementation of survey and statistical methodology for production, research, and evaluation programs."
"Baltimore, MD 21205 (Orangeville area)",Sr. Education Intelligence Data Analyst,70357,Johns Hopkins University,"A certification such as Certified Analytics Professional, project management, or a certification in a data analytic tool such as Tableau Software, or Epic…"
"Baltimore, MD 21218 (Midway-Coldstream area)",Sr. Research Data Analyst (Project Director for the Cochrane...,61736,Johns Hopkins University," The Project Director, working closely with the Principal Investigator, will be responsible for the day-to-day coordination and implementation of the project as…"
"Gaithersburg, MD",Operations Research Analyst OR Mathematician OR Computer Sci...,110966,US Department of Commerce,Or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of…
"Gaithersburg, MD",Operations Research Analyst OR Mathematician OR Computer Sci...,110966,US Department of Commerce, Or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of…
"Hanover, MD 21076",Data Scientist - CI Poly,130000,"SixGen, Inc.","Full health benefits - Medical, Vision, Dental. Able to collect, clean, manage, and present large volumes of data. Proficient in R/RStudio and/or Python."
"Baltimore, MD",Technology Consultant - Data Modeler,124000,"BlueStream Consulting, LLC",Provide guidance in developing high-level design requirements for project and communicate in writing or in meetings with project team.
"Baltimore, MD",Technology Consultant - Data Scientist,121500,"BlueStream Consulting, LLC",Minimum of 2 years of experience applying data analytics and machine learning concepts and methodologies. Deep neural networks including convolutional networks…
"Columbia, MD",Senior Machine Learning Engineer,150000,"Rekor Recognition Systems, Inc.", The Senior Machine Learning Engineer isresponsible for designing and applying new machine learning techniques for acomputer vision application.
"Columbia, MD",Senior Machine Learning Engineer,150000,"Rekor Recognition Systems, Inc.",The Senior Machine Learning Engineer isresponsible for designing and applying new machine learning techniques for acomputer vision application.
"St. Louis, MO",Data Scientist,95949,National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency," Other duties may include: \* Develop and apply quantitative and qualitative analytic methods to identify, collect, process, and analyze large data sets for…"
"St. Louis, MO",Data Scientist,95949,US Department of Defense," Other duties may include: * Develop and apply quantitative and qualitative analytic methods to identify, collect, process, and analyze large data sets for…"
"St. Louis, MO",Statistical Data Analyst - Infectious Diseases,54590,Washington University in St. Louis,Current employees applying for a new position within the university may be subject to this requirement. Master’s degree in epidemiology or public health.
"St. Louis, MO 63130",Statistical Data Analyst - Biostatistics,54590,Washington University in St. Louis,"Current employees applying for a new position within the university may be subject to this requirement. Assists investigators in the design of experiments,…"
"St. Louis, MO 63130",Statistical Data Analyst - Neurology,54590,Washington University in St. Louis,Current employees applying for a new position within the university may be subject to this requirement. This statistics position will assist with projects…
"St. Louis, MO 63130",Statistical Data Analyst - Biostatistics,54590,Washington University in St. Louis," Current employees applying for a new position within the university may be subject to this requirement.Assists investigators in the design of experiments,…"
"St. Louis, MO 63130",Senior Statistical Data Analyst - Cardiology,64937,Washington University in St. Louis," Master’s degree and four years of related work experience in health services research, public health, computer science, biostatistics, informatics, or related…"
"St. Louis, MO 63130",Statistical Data Analyst - Neurology,54590,Washington University in St. Louis, Current employees applying for a new position within the university may be subject to this requirement.This statistics position will assist with projects…
"St. Louis, MO",Sr. Data Analyst Engineer,125000,TKC holdings," Mentor and train on the appropriate usage of data marts, enterprise data warehouse and other data sources used in reporting and analytics, including reporting…"
"St. Louis, MO",Data Analyst I - Data Entry,35000,Juristat, Being receptive to other relevant team-related responsibilities.The people who make up our Data team focus their skills and efforts on acquiring and analyzing…
"St. Louis, MO",Sr. Data Analyst Engineer,125000,TKC holdings,"Creating and executing test plans for ETL and data integration solutions. Mentor and train on the appropriate usage of data marts, enterprise data warehouse and…"
"St. Louis, MO",Sr. Data Analyst Engineer,125000,TKC holdings,"Interpret data for the purpose of determining organizational/program performance, trends and/or probability. Creating and executing test plans for ETL and data…"
"St. Louis, MO",Data Analyst I - Data Entry,35000,Juristat,Being receptive to other relevant team-related responsibilities. The people who make up our Data team focus their skills and efforts on acquiring and analyzing…
"St. Louis, MO",Sr. Data Analyst Engineer,125000,TKC holdings,"Mentor and train on the appropriate usage of data marts, enterprise data warehouse and other data sources used in reporting and analytics, including reporting…"
"St. Louis, MO",Sr. Data Analyst Engineer,125000,TKC holdings," Creating and executing test plans for ETL and data integration solutions.Mentor and train on the appropriate usage of data marts, enterprise data warehouse and…"
"Chapel Hill, NC",Data Scientist,107500,The Recycling Partnership," The Data Scientist must have strong skills in working with public machine learning APIs, including those available from Azure, Apple and Google Cloud; ability…"
"Raleigh, NC",Data Scientist,110000,Cox Little & Company," Strong programming skills, including Hadoop MapReduce or other big data frameworks, Java, statistical modeling (like SAS or R), SQL and depending on the scope…"
"Charlotte, NC 28262 (University City North area)",Machine/Deep Learning Research Scientist,70000,UNC Charlotte," Deep understanding of machine learning and deep learning techniques.Is machine methods based on information theory and Bayesian networks, and deep learning…"
"Birmingham, AL 35244",Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Software Engineer...,125500,Fetch," BCBS Health, Dental, & Vision Insurance with generous employer funding for employees and dependents.Health Savings Account with generous employer funding."
"Birmingham, AL 35244",Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Software Engineer...,125500,Fetch,"Create project milestones, deliverables and timelines for implementation. Arrange project/milestone in programming sequence. The things you'll do:"
"Omaha, NE",Statistician II,76750,University of Nebraska Medical Center," Under minimal supervision from lead statistician and/or faculty, act as a primary consultant to researchers from the Child Health Research Institute, and others…"
"Omaha, NE",Sr. Data Scientist,100000,Red Berry Innovations, Experience developing machine learning applications using current machine learning frameworks.Exceptional communication skills with the ability to deliver…
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems," Excellent pay, Positive work culture, Flexible work hours, Prestigious training in artificial intelligence/machine learning platform & exclusive DoD pipeline."
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems," Plus: Experience with machine learning, AI, and/or business intelligence tools.Excellent pay, Positive work culture, Flexible work hours, Prestigious training…"
"Omaha, NE",Statistician II,76750,University of Nebraska Medical Center,"Under minimal supervision from lead statistician and/or faculty, act as a primary consultant to researchers from the Child Health Research Institute, and others…"
"Omaha, NE",Sr. Data Scientist,100000,Red Berry Innovations,"Experience developing machine learning applications using current machine learning frameworks. Health, Dental, Vision, 401k, Life Insurance, Disability,…"
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems,"At Kana Systems, we specialize in offering innovative technology solutions for military and government customers in the realm of data analytics, business…"
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems,"Excellent pay, Positive work culture, Flexible work hours, Prestigious training in artificial intelligence/machine learning platform & exclusive DoD pipeline."
"Omaha, NE",Sr. Data Scientist,100000,Red Berry Innovations,"Health, Dental, Vision, 401k, Life Insurance, Disability, Wellness, Paid Time Off, Training, and even bring your dog to work!"
"Omaha, NE",Sr. Data Scientist,100000,Red Berry Innovations,"We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual…"
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems,"Experience with machine learning, AI, and/or business intelligence tools. Excellent pay, Positive work culture, Flexible work hours, Prestigious training in…"
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems," Plus: Experience with machine learning, AI, and/or business intelligence tools.Deliver insights and visualizations from disparate data sources."
"Omaha, NE",Statistician II,76750,University of Nebraska Medical Center, Department COPH Biostatistics 50005426 Business Unit College of Public Health Reg-Temp Full-Time Regular Work Schedule Mon - Fri 8:00 am - 4:30 pm Position…
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems," Experience with machine learning, AI, and/or business intelligence tools.Excellent pay, Positive work culture, Flexible work hours, Prestigious training in…"
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems,"Plus: Experience with machine learning, AI, and/or business intelligence tools. Deliver insights and visualizations from disparate data sources."
"Omaha, NE",Statistician II,76750,University of Nebraska Medical Center,Department COPH Biostatistics 50005426 Business Unit College of Public Health Reg-Temp Full-Time Regular Work Schedule Mon - Fri 8:00 am - 4:30 pm Position…
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems,"Plus: Experience with machine learning, AI, and/or business intelligence tools. Excellent pay, Positive work culture, Flexible work hours, Prestigious training…"
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems, We have an extraordinary opportunity for select people.Join our team working with military and government customers solving mission-critical challenges for the…
"Omaha, NE",Statistician II,76750,University of Nebraska Medical Center,Posting Category Research - Non Academic Working Title Statistician II Job Title Research/Ag Specialist Salary Grade RA24S Appointment Type B1 - REG MGR PROF…
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems,"Experience with machine learning, AI, and/or business intelligence tools. At Kana Systems, we specialize in offering innovative technology solutions for…"
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems," Experience with machine learning, AI, and/or business intelligence tools.At Kana Systems, we specialize in offering innovative technology solutions for…"
"Omaha, NE",Sr. Data Scientist,100000,Red Berry Innovations,Experience developing machine learning applications using current machine learning frameworks. Experience deploying machine learning algorithms on a cloud…
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems,"Experience with machine learning, AI, and/or business intelligence tools. Deliver insights and visualizations from disparate data sources."
"Omaha, NE",Statistician II,76750,University of Nebraska Medical Center, Posting Category Research - Non Academic Working Title Statistician II Job Title Research/Ag Specialist Salary Grade RA24S Appointment Type B1 - REG MGR PROF…
"Omaha, NE",Sr. Data Scientist,100000,Red Berry Innovations, Experience developing machine learning applications using current machine learning frameworks.Experience deploying machine learning algorithms on a cloud…
"Omaha, NE",Data & Software Engineer,105000,Kana Systems," Experience with machine learning, AI, and/or business intelligence tools.Deliver insights and visualizations from disparate data sources."
"Golden Valley, MN",Sr. Enterprise Architect (Data),150000,(QSI) - Quality Systems Integrators,"10 years or more of progressive experience in data modeling, integration and visualization, participation in solution architecture."
"Golden Valley, MN",Sr. Enterprise Architect (Data),150000,(QSI) - Quality Systems Integrators," The EDA will work with solution architects, application developers, process owners, data stewards, data scientists, platform administrators, security engineers…"
"Golden Valley, MN",Sr. Enterprise Architect (Data),150000,(QSI) - Quality Systems Integrators,"The EDA will work with solution architects, application developers, process owners, data stewards, data scientists, platform administrators, security engineers…"
"Manhattan, NY",Data Scientist,104015,New York City DEPT OF INFO TECH & TELECOMM,A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college including or supplemented by 24 credits in the field of voice and/or data telecommunications or in a pertinent…
"Brooklyn, NY 11221 (Bushwick area)","Data Research Scientist, Brooklyn Neighborhood Health Action...",82175,New York City DEPT OF HEALTH/MENTAL HYGIENE,The Center focuses on these key areas: leveraging community assets to better integrate primary care and public health to serve the health needs of communities;…
"New York, NY",Senior Data Scientist,107500,MetroPlus Health Plan," MetroPlus Health Plan provides the highest quality healthcare services to residents of Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens and Staten Island through a…"
"New York, NY",Senior Data Scientist,107500,MetroPlus Health Plan,"Apply data mining techniques to create statistical models and solutions detecting patterns, relationships across available data sets (e.g. NHWS, Electronic…"
"Manhattan, NY 10007 (Financial District area)","Senior Data Analyst M/WBE, Enterprise Data Services",72500,New York City MAYORS OFFICE OF CONTRACT SVCS,"Proficiency in SAS, STATA, SQL, R, SPSS (and/or other statistical software), Python or other programming languages with associated documentation."
"New York, NY",Jr. Data Scientist,77500,SConcept," Translate data analytics into business speak.Experience with Machine Learning, Tableau highly preferred.Experience with Data Science and Programming Languages…"
"New York, NY",Data Scientist,85000,Systechcorp Inc," 10+ years of experience in relevant areas of computer science, including applied machine learning,.Deep learning, NLP or related disciplines."
"New York, NY",Data Scientist,95000,Desh Technology Inc.," Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques.Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms…"
"New York, NY 10021 (Upper East Side area)","Imaging Scientist, Deep Learning",125000,Diversified Global, Passion for developing seminal computer vision and machine learning algorithms and improving medicine through analytics.What we need from you*.
"New York, NY",Computational Linguist - AI (Natural Language Reasoning),85000,MIND AI," And can explain it to human and machine, both.Master’s or higher degree in a relevant field (related to linguistics).Would you like to work on a REAL AI?"
"New York, NY",Senior Data Scientist,140000,FINDYR, In Statistics / Computer Science / Mathematics / Physics or equivalent quantitative subject.Findyr is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to integrate and…
"New York, NY",Computational Linguist - AI (Natural Language Reasoning),85000,MIND AI," And can explain it to human and machine, both.This is not deep learning but something totally new.Master’s or higher degree in a relevant field (related to…"
"New York, NY 10007 (Financial District area)",NLP Research Engineer,200000,NLMatics," We are looking for NLP research engineers who love to read, conduct and apply machine learning research.3-5 years of relevant experience."
"New York, NY 10004 (Financial District area)",Statistician/ Biller,28500,Lifespire,Maintain records of HUD rent billing andreceipts Maintain records of monthly individuals' benefits receipts. Review application of lump sums and issue payments…
"New York, NY 10004 (Financial District area)",Statistician/ Biller,28500,Lifespire, Maintain records of HUD rent billing andreceipts Maintain records of monthly individuals' benefits receipts.Review application of lump sums and issue payments…
"New York, NY 10004 (Financial District area)",Statistician/ Biller,28500,Lifespire," Summary*: Coordinate and maintain records of ""Lifespire SSA/SSIDirect Payee"" bank account.Maintain records of HUD rent billing andreceipts Maintain records of…"
"New York, NY 10004 (Financial District area)",Statistician/ Biller,28500,Lifespire,"Summary*: Coordinate and maintain records of ""Lifespire SSA/SSIDirect Payee"" bank account. Maintain records of HUD rent billing andreceipts Maintain records of…"
"New York, NY 10004 (Financial District area)",Statistician/ Biller,28500,Lifespire,"Coordinate and maintain records of ""Lifespire SSA/SSIDirect Payee"" bank account. Maintain records of HUD rent billing andreceipts Maintain records of monthly…"
"New York, NY 10004 (Financial District area)",Statistician/ Biller,28500,Lifespire," Coordinate and maintain records of ""Lifespire SSA/SSIDirect Payee"" bank account.Maintain records of HUD rent billing andreceipts Maintain records of monthly…"
"Salem, OR",Data Scientist,81876,Oregon Lottery," Use a business analytics platform, such as Power BI or Tableau, to visualize and share insights (training is provided).As an employee, you will enjoy:"
"Portland, OR 97214 (Buckman area)",Data Scientist (Jr. to Sr. Level),150000,Piper Companies, Please send resumes to Jason Olsavsky at jolsavsky@zacharypiper.com.Creating dashboards for data visualization.At least 3 years if Data Science experience.
"Bannockburn, IL 60015",Data Scientist,77500,WLBenefits Group, Data245 is a new machine learning company with a focus on employer health insurance programs and healthcare in general.This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
"Time, IL",Data Scientist,120000,DigitCompass," Shall have a minimum of a Master’s degree in computer science, statistics, or applied mathematics, and demonstrated experience of four (4) years in creating…"
"Time, IL",Data Scientist,120000,DigitCompass,"Shall have a minimum of a Master’s degree in computer science, statistics, or applied mathematics, and demonstrated experience of four (4) years in creating…"
"Bannockburn, IL 60015",Data Scientist,77500,WLBenefits Group,Data245 is a new machine learning company with a focus on employer health insurance programs and healthcare in general. This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
"Time, IL",Statistical Programming Analyst,120000,DigitCompass," The key personnel shall also demonstrate experience using advanced analytic techniques such as modern econometric methods, machine learning, multivariate…"
"Chicago, IL",022: Data Science Lead - Dynamic Pricing,150000,Dataspace, Creating machine learning models and frameworks to analyze large data sets and help solve complex business demands.Mentoring and guiding junior team members.
"Chicago, IL",Sr Healthcare Data Analyst,87500,AG Foundry," Own analytics projects and be accountable for gathering customer requirements, execute analytics work efforts, and exceed customer expectations."
"Chicago, IL",Artificial Intelligence Engineer,120000,Sky RPO,"Closely collaborate with Architects, Data scientists and big data engineers to develop large scale digital applications."
"Time, IL",Senior Statistical Programming Analyst,145000,DigitCompass," The key personnel shall also demonstrate experience using advanced analytic techniques such as modern econometric methods, machine learning, multivariate…"
"Seattle, WA",Computational Linguist - AI (Natural Language Reasoning),80000,MIND.AI, This is not deep learning but something totally new.Master’s or higher degree in a relevant field (related to linguistics).
"Seattle, WA",Senior Data Scientist,213500,Indeed," We are looking for a mixture between a statistician, scientist, machine learning expert and engineer: someone who has passion for building and improving…"
"Colorado Springs, CO 80919 (Northwest Colorado Springs area)",Senior Data Scientist,115000,Data Ninjas Inc," Minimum of two years of experience utilizing analytics and software development processes for natural language processing, machine learning on unstructured data…"
"Denver, CO",Machine Learning Engineer (Speech Recognition and NLP),82500,"Dream Face Technologies, LLC",Knowledge of machine learning and deep learning research. Experience building systems based on machine learning and/or deep learning methods.
"Golden, CO 80401",Data Science And Resource Manager,100000,Wowza Media Systems," Wowza Media Systems is currently seeking a Data Science & Resource Manager to architect, administer and manage Wowza’s internal data structure and facilitate…"
"Golden, CO 80401",Data Science And Resource Manager,100000,Wowza Media Systems,"Wowza Media Systems is currently seeking a Data Science & Resource Manager to architect, administer and manage Wowza’s internal data structure and facilitate…"
"Denver, CO",Senior Machine Learning (ML) and Computer Vision (CV) Engine...,115000,"Takeoffs, Inc.","They can make optimal technology decisions that employ the latest and most effective data processing and machine learning tools, to take the fullest advantage…"
"Denver, CO",Senior Machine Learning (ML) and Computer Vision (CV) Engine...,115000,"Takeoffs, Inc."," They can make optimal technology decisions that employ the latest and most effective data processing and machine learning tools, to take the fullest advantage…"
"Lexington, KY",Post-Doctoral Scholar in Mathematical/Computational Evolutio...,50000,University of Kentucky, Support for the position comes from a recent NSF CAREER award (https://nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1846260); the specific project is flexible and will…
"Lexington, KY",Post-Doctoral Scholar in Mathematical/Computational Evolutio...,50000,University of Kentucky," Salary is $50,000, and benefits are included.Lexington and the surrounding area is home to many bourbon distilleries and microbreweries and numerous outdoor…"
"Lexington, KY",Post-Doctoral Scholar in Mathematical/Computational Evolutio...,50000,University of Kentucky," The specific project is flexible and will broadly relate to understanding how processes at the genetic scale, such as recombination, interact and coevolve with…"
"Lexington, KY",Post-Doctoral Scholar in Mathematical/Computational Evolutio...,50000,University of Kentucky,"The specific project is flexible and will broadly relate to understanding how processes at the genetic scale, such as recombination, interact and coevolve with…"
"Lexington, KY",Post-Doctoral Scholar in Mathematical/Computational Evolutio...,50000,University of Kentucky,"The successful candidate will have a Ph.D., expertise in mathematical or computational modeling, experience with scientific computing, interests in evolution…"
"Lexington, KY",Post-Doctoral Scholar in Mathematical/Computational Evolutio...,50000,University of Kentucky," The successful candidate will have a Ph.D., expertise in mathematical or computational modeling, experience with scientific computing, interests in evolution…"
"Little Rock, AR",Statistical Assistant,48361,US Department of the Army,"The documents you are required to submit vary based on the authority you are using to apply (i.e., applying as a veteran, applying as a current permanent…"
"Santa Fe, NM",Statistician Supervisor,65088,State of New Mexico," Skill in data analysis and scripting/coding using one or more relevant statistical packages, such as SPSS, STAT A, and R.This position is a Pay Band 80."
"Albuquerque, NM 87110 (Uptown area)",Machine Learning Engineer,112500,Verus Research, Demonstrated record of scientific publications in peer reviewed journals or conference proceedings.Is searching for a Machine Learning Engineer.
"Albuquerque, NM 87110 (Uptown area)",Machine Learning Engineer,112500,Verus Research,The primary role for the Machine Learning Engineer will be to develop and implement machine learning algorithms with a focus on reinforcement learning…
"Los Alamos, NM",Ph.D. Statistician,119700,Los Alamos National Laboratory," Demonstrated willingness and ability to work in a collaborative, multidisciplinary, scientific environment and contribute to diverse application areas."
"Los Alamos, NM",Ph.D. Statistician,119700,Los Alamos National Laboratory,"Demonstrated willingness and ability to work in a collaborative, multidisciplinary, scientific environment and contribute to diverse application areas."
"Albuquerque, NM 87110 (Uptown area)",Machine Learning Engineer,112500,Verus Research,Machine Learning: 3 years (Required). The primary role for the Machine Learning Engineer will be to develop and implement machine learning algorithms with a…
"Los Alamos, NM",Ph.D. Statistician,119700,Los Alamos National Laboratory,"Statisticians in the Statistical Sciences Group work in partnership with world-leading scientists in a wide range of science, technology, and engineering areas…"
"Albuquerque, NM 87110 (Uptown area)",Machine Learning Engineer,112500,Verus Research,Will be to develop and implement machine learning algorithms with a focus on reinforcement learning techniques and robotics applications.
"Albuquerque, NM 87110 (Uptown area)",Machine Learning Engineer,112500,Verus Research, Machine Learning: 3 years (Required).The primary role for the Machine Learning Engineer will be to develop and implement machine learning algorithms with a…
"Albuquerque, NM 87110 (Uptown area)",Machine Learning Engineer,112500,Verus Research, The primary role for the Machine Learning Engineer will be to develop and implement machine learning algorithms with a focus on reinforcement learning…
"Los Alamos, NM",Ph.D. Statistician,119700,Los Alamos National Laboratory," Statisticians in the Statistical Sciences Group work in partnership with world-leading scientists in a wide range of science, technology, and engineering areas…"
"Albuquerque, NM 87110 (Uptown area)",Machine Learning Engineer,112500,Verus Research, Will be to develop and implement machine learning algorithms with a focus on reinforcement learning techniques and robotics applications.
"Las Vegas, NV",Casino Gaming Software Mathematician (19-00072),90000,Game Development Company, Ability to work with others in a demanding and fast paced environment.Senior Mathematician for Game Design and Development.
"Las Vegas, NV",Casino Gaming Software Mathematician (19-00072),90000,Game Development Company,Ability to work with others in a demanding and fast paced environment. Senior Mathematician for Game Design and Development.
"Las Vegas, NV",Casino Gaming Software Mathematician (19-00072),90000,Game Development Company, Senior Mathematician for Game Design and Development.We're looking for a senior mathematician in our Las Vegas game studio to play a key role in the design and…
"Las Vegas, NV",Casino Gaming Software Mathematician (19-00072),90000,Game Development Company,Salary Range: Wide salary range competitive with market rates to accommodate mid level and senior level engineers. 5 or more years in the gaming industry.
"Las Vegas, NV",Casino Gaming Software Mathematician (19-00072),90000,Game Development Company,"Salary Range: Wide salary range competitive with market rates to accommodate mid level and senior level engineers. Salary: $70,000.00 to $110,000.00 /year."
"Las Vegas, NV",Casino Gaming Software Mathematician (19-00072),90000,Game Development Company,Wide salary range competitive with market rates to accommodate mid level and senior level engineers. Ability to work with others in a demanding and fast paced…
"Las Vegas, NV",Casino Gaming Software Mathematician (19-00072),90000,Game Development Company,Wide salary range competitive with market rates to accommodate mid level and senior level engineers. Senior Mathematician for Game Design and Development.
"Las Vegas, NV",Casino Gaming Software Mathematician (19-00072),90000,Game Development Company, Salary Range: Wide salary range competitive with market rates to accommodate mid level and senior level engineers.5 or more years in the gaming industry.
"Las Vegas, NV",Casino Gaming Software Mathematician (19-00072),90000,Game Development Company, Wide salary range competitive with market rates to accommodate mid level and senior level engineers.Ability to work with others in a demanding and fast paced…
"Stamford, CT","AVP, Credit Model Development",110000,Synchrony,"Plan and execute self-driven analytics on large data sets using next generation technologies, prepare analysis and reports to support discussions on key…"
"Greenwich, CT",Data Scientist,119500,ZUNA,"Experience using statistical programming languages, machine learning and other toolkits and techniques for analyzing large, complex datasets."
"Greenwich, CT",Data Scientist,119500,ZUNA," 2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports.Produce daily metrics and reports."
"Greenwich, CT",Data Scientist,119500,ZUNA,"The junior data scientist role will use data to help us better understand who our clients are, how they engage with our products and services and how we can…"
"Greenwich, CT",Data Scientist,119500,ZUNA,"2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports. This also requires the ability to:"
"Greenwich, CT",Data Scientist,119500,ZUNA," 2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports.This also requires the ability to:"
"Cambridge, MA",Data Scientist,82292,US Department of Transportation," Communicate effectively, verbally and in writing, as you manage project expectations and deliver results to Volpe staff, co-workers, sponsors, and other parties…"
"Boston, MA",Lead Data Scientist,135000,Neurable Inc.,"Expertise in statistical and signal processing, linear algebra, time-frequency analysis, machine learning, and their application to multivariate biometric and…"
"Boston, MA 02101",Data Science Project Manager II,134700,Liberty Mutual Insurance,Strong ability to manage all aspects of the project management life cycle. Conducts project meetings and prepares regular reports to communicate the status of…
"Boston, MA 02101",Data Science Project Manager II,134700,Liberty Mutual Insurance, Strong ability to manage all aspects of the project management life cycle.Conducts project meetings and prepares regular reports to communicate the status of…
"Framingham, MA 01701",Data Scientist,67500,MCR labs,"We are a team of researchers, analytical chemists, pharmaceutical scientists, technologists, and cannabis enthusiasts working to advance the cannabis industry…"
"Boston, MA",Data Science Engineer,125000,"SteepRock, Inc.","Effective organizational and time management skills with the ability to work independently, as well as with remote teams, under strict project deadlines."
"Boston, MA",Data Science Engineer,125000,"SteepRock, Inc."," Effective organizational and time management skills with the ability to work independently, as well as with remote teams, under strict project deadlines."
"Atlanta, GA 30307",Lead Mathematical Statistician (Data Scientist)(Direct Hire),126767,Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,"Whether we are protecting the American people from public health threats, researching emerging diseases, or mobilizing public health programs with our domestic…"
"Atlanta, GA 30307",Lead Computer Scientist (Data Scientist),126767,Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,"Whether we are protecting the American people from public health threats, researching emerging diseases, or mobilizing public health programs with our domestic…"
"Atlanta, GA 30307",Lead Health Scientist (Data Scientist),126767,Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,"Whether we are protecting the American people from public health threats, researching emerging diseases, or mobilizing public health programs with our domestic…"
"Atlanta, GA 30307",Lead Statistician (Data Scientist)(Direct Hire),126767,Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,"Whether we are protecting the American people from public health threats, researching emerging diseases, or mobilizing public health programs with our domestic…"
"Atlanta, GA 30305 (Buckhead area)",Mathematical Statistician (Data Scientist)- (Direct Hire),107273,Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,"Whether we are protecting the American people from public health threats, researching emerging diseases, or mobilizing public health programs with our domestic…"
"Atlanta, GA 30305 (Buckhead area)",Statistician (Data Scientist) ( Direct Hire),107273,Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,"Whether we are protecting the American people from public health threats, researching emerging diseases, or mobilizing public health programs with our domestic…"
"Atlanta, GA 30307",Lead Statistician (Data Scientist)(Direct Hire),126767,Centers for Disease Control and Prevention," Whether we are protecting the American people from public health threats, researching emerging diseases, or mobilizing public health programs with our domestic…"
"Atlanta, GA 30305 (Buckhead area)",Statistician (Health),103151,Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,Specialized Experience: Specialized experience is experience which is directly related to the position which has equipped the applicant with the particular…
"Atlanta, GA 30305 (Buckhead area)",Statistician (Health),103151,Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,"And/or designing and conducting statistical analyses of population, clinical, health, or administrative data related to health topics for publication."
"Atlanta, GA 30303 (Five Points area)",Economist/Statistician,50857,US Department of Labor,"Examples of qualifying experience include (a) individual economic research assignments requiring planning, information assembly, analysis and evaluation,…"
"Atlanta, GA",Sr. Data Scientist,115000,Sky RPO,"Experience in Deep Learning strongly preferred. 5 years experience in predictive analytics and advanced expertise with software such as Python, or any…"
"Atlanta, GA",AWS DevOps Engineer for AI Platform,105000,"DecisionIQ, Inc."," Medical insurance, United Health Care Platinum Plan.Define and document cloud solution architecture(s) including technical designs and diagrams."
"Atlanta, GA",AWS DevOps Engineer for AI Platform,105000,"DecisionIQ, Inc.", Design and deploy dynamically scalable and highly available services on AWS.GENESIS is now deployed at multiple manufacturing plants.
"Atlanta, GA",AWS DevOps Engineer for AI Platform,105000,"DecisionIQ, Inc.",Define and document cloud solution architecture(s) including technical designs and diagrams. Design and deploy dynamically scalable and highly available…
"Atlanta, GA",AWS DevOps Engineer for AI Platform,105000,"DecisionIQ, Inc.","Our solution needs to have enterprise level monitoring, along with fully automated deployment. Define and document cloud solution architecture(s) including…"
"Atlanta, GA",AWS DevOps Engineer for AI Platform,105000,"DecisionIQ, Inc."," Medical insurance, United Health Care Platinum Plan.Our solution needs to have enterprise level monitoring, along with fully automated deployment."
"Atlanta, GA",AWS DevOps Engineer for AI Platform,105000,"DecisionIQ, Inc.", Define and document cloud solution architecture(s) including technical designs and diagrams.Design and deploy dynamically scalable and highly available…
"Atlanta, GA",AWS DevOps Engineer for AI Platform,105000,"DecisionIQ, Inc.","Medical insurance, United Health Care Platinum Plan. Our solution needs to have enterprise level monitoring, along with fully automated deployment."
"Atlanta, GA",AWS DevOps Engineer for AI Platform,105000,"DecisionIQ, Inc."," Our solution needs to have enterprise level monitoring, along with fully automated deployment.Define and document cloud solution architecture(s) including…"
"Bridgewater, NJ",Statistical Analyst,71000,Dataplus Pharma Services, Conduct statistical analysis of the clinical trial data by various analytical methods using different statistical packages including SAS - Statistical Analysis…
